#Dooyin Group
#Corporate Society Responsibility Report
# 2022
#Douyin Group 2022 Corporate Social Protection Report
# The Voice Group corporate social responsibility report
Scanning
On-line, accessible editions
Scavenging attention.
Byte beat, public good.
#2022 Douyin Group Corporation Social Protection Report
# 2022 Voice Group Corporate Social Responsibility Report
# Contents
# Contents
# About us
001.
# Technology inclusive, promoting digital inclusion
012
# Social responsibility management
002.
# Accountability strategies
002.
# Stakeholder communication
004
# Analysis of substantive issues
005.
# Increase digital trust
013
- Information security 013
- Digital governance 016
- Original protection 021
- User trust 023
# Corporate governance
006, 006, 006, 006, 006, 006, 006, 006, 006, 006, 006, 006, 006, 006, 006, 006, 006, 006, 006, 006, 006, 006, 006.
# Compliance management
006, 006, 006, 006, 006, 006, 006, 006, 006, 006, 006, 006, 006, 006, 006, 006, 006, 006, 006, 006, 006, 006, 006.
# Responsible procurement
010.
# Strengthening digital innovation
025
- Technological innovation 025
- Technology open source 026
# Focus on key populations
027
- Protecting teenagers, 027.
- Love the silver-haired population 034
- Care for persons with disabilities 037
#2022 Douyin Group Corporation Social Protection Report
# 2022 Voice Group Corporate Social Responsibility Report
# Shared and enriched cultural life
041
# Low-carbon development to address climate change
091
# Promoting knowledge inclusion
042
# Green operations
092
# Build art connections
050.
# GreenCorp and Advocacy
097
# To pass on the culture of the past
053
# Species identification and protection
099
# To help the ancients to protect
057
# Appendix
100
:: Responsibilities for social well-being
060.
# Description of the report
100
# Support for staff development
061
# GRI Standards Index of Indicators
101
# Assisting rural development
065
- Industrial support 065
- Talent support 071
# Promoting small and medium-sized enterprise development
077
# Putting the public good on the ground
080.
- Auxiliary ecology 080
- Emergency response 084
- Encouragement of employee pro bono 088
# Promote the Benefits of Technology and Digital Investment
# Technology inclusive, promoting digital inclusion
# 05
#2022 Douyin Group Corporation Social Protection Report
# About us
As a byte that beats the domestic information and service business section, it is committed to providing better content and services to its users, in keeping with its mission of “encouraging creation and enriching life.” The company has products such as tremors, today’s headlines, watermelon videos, tomato novels, and masters.
The byte paradigm is an important part of the byte-beating corporate culture and a code of conduct that we all share. In 2022, we further adapted the byte paradigm and developed a new by-by-promotion paradigm for “always entrepreneurship” and “manifestly compatible” and “manifestly pragmatic” and “toughly growing together”.
# Always starting a business
- Keeping entrepreneurship in place, always creating and not following, innovation rather than relying on resources
- Agile, efficient, simplified process and non-complicated simple matters
- Agility and modesty to avoid complacency or superiority.
# Be practical
- Thinking on your own, thinking on your own, finding out what's in it.
- Direct experience, deeper facts, first-hand data or information.
- No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
# Plurality compatible
- Enjoy individual diversity, focus people's core traits.
- A global perspective, understanding different cultures, perspectives and practices
- Good faith assumption, tacit openness to trust, effective cooperation
# I'm proud of you
- Be smart and risk it for better results. Focus on the whole, ROI.
- Try a variety of possibilities and find the best solution on a wider scale.
- In pursuit of excellence, high standards, not only do it, but do it right.
# Be frank and clear
- Expressing real ideas, fearing exposure, opposing “up management”
- Accurate, concise, direct, less abstract, vague and vague words.
- As a matter of fact, rational communication, avoidance of subjective and emotional expression.
# Growing together
- Believe in and endorse the mission and vision, based on the vision of the mission
- Patience and resilience in the face of short-term fluctuations.
- Continuous learning, no borders, growing up with the organization
#2022 Douyin Group Corporation Social Protection Report
# 2022 Voice Group Corporate Social Responsibility Report
# Public interest platform
# Trust and faith in Shinqin and privacy protection science
# Accessibility of information
# Staff welfare
# Promote digital inclusion
# It's good for the community to show the village
# Users
# Shareholders
# Knowledge for All
# Art
# Rich
# Technology
# Connect
# Culture
# Life
# Protection
# Government
# Legacy of legacy
# Beijing Byte Jumping Public Interest Foundation
# Carbon neutral and climate-resilient biodiversity conservation
# Corporate products and technologies
# Social responsibility management
# Accountability strategies
In 2022, the Voice Group, building on its original strategy of social responsibility, further optimized the direction and content of development to form the four main lines of action “to promote digital inclusion” “to enrich cultural life” “to improve social well-being” and “to address climate change”.
#2022 Douyin Group Corporation Social Protection Report
# Promote digital inclusion
To bridge the digital divide between different groups, especially the priority groups of persons with disabilities, adolescents and older persons, so that everyone can enjoy the benefits of science and technology in a safe manner.
# Enriching cultural life
Make more valuable content visible and contribute to culture and science.
# Promoting social well-being
Focus on development balance and support the development of small and medium-sized enterprises in less developed regions.
# Addressing climate change
Action to address climate change and its impacts, minimize environmental impacts and promote biodiversity conservation and social green development.
#2022 Douyin Group Corporation Social Protection Report
# 2022 Voice Group Corporate Social Responsibility Report
# Stakeholder communication
The Wiggly Group believes that open communication with interested parties, listening to suggestions and opinions from different stakeholders can better help us advance sustainable development and actively assume social responsibility. In 2022, we continued to expand our channels, listen to suggestions from interested parties, and communicate and communicate through discussions, questionnaires, research, etc., to provide guidance on corporate social responsibility strategies and on how to adapt and optimize our work.
Key stakeholders focus on issues, communication channels and responses
A-a-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b.
• Establishment of a platform for reporting violations, for public reporting of violations — health centres, gymnasiums and other initiatives that focus on employee health • Public interest staff development — providing a pluralistic and equitable work environment for staff • Enhancing capacity for innovation research and development • Strengthening corporate governance, compliance and sound development
• Information security and privacy protection • user services • content governance • user interviews and research • client satisfaction surveys • service experience centres • Today's headlines, tremors, watermelons videos, etc. APP user hotline services, user communication services • providing quality content • protecting user personal information and privacy security • continuously improving user experience • platform governance and healthy network environments
• Intellectual property rights and original protection • cultural life • user services • information security and privacy protection • platform creator communities • Platform creators' training and services • Platform creators' research, satisfaction surveys, creative content review and governance • vendor bidding conferences • academic exchanges, industry meetings • protection of original content, intellectual property • provision of creative tools and support for the creation of friendly product functions • diversity of creator incentives schemes
• Promotion of employment and economic development • Information security and privacy protection • Information disclosure • Policy advice feedback • Discussion and meetings • Strengthening corporate governance, compliance and sound development • Support for economic growth, employment • Sustained enhancement of information security and privacy protection
• Community and social organizations • Emergency and public services • Rural development • Content governance • Climate change and environmental protection • Byte beating public goods platform • Beijing byte beating public goods Foundation • Community public goods activities • Workers' public goods activities • Environmental awareness campaigns and projects • Practical public goods projects and volunteer activities • shattering rural projects to support rural industries and human capacity development • New media roles to disseminate public goods • Actively addressing climate change and achieving green low-carbon operations
• Information security and privacy protection • science, technology and innovation • promoting employment and economic development • corporate governance • press conference • media open day • media interviews • organizing meetings or events • continuously optimizing internal management and upgrading technology • protecting the personal information and privacy security of users • enhancing transparency in information disclosure • promoting research and development in science and technology and building scientific talent • supporting economic growth, enabling industry development • making the Internet more widely available • enhancing corporate governance, compliance and robust development
#2022 Douyin Group Corporation Social Protection Report
# Analysis of substantive issues
In order to better guide the development of corporate social responsibility strategies and the related work, the shudder group is open to suggestions and comments from interested parties. The procedure for identifying issues of importance is as follows:
#1 Collection of Issues of Importance and Viewboards
With reference to documents such as the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI), GRI Standards, and the Climate-related Financial Disclosure Recommendations (TCFID), the Trenching Group has developed a collection of issues of importance covering four dimensions: economic, social, environmental, and scientific and technological.
#2 Adaptation of the Key Issues Pool
In 2022, following open discussions with industry experts, we optimized the issue pool to remove discomfort issues and add new change topics, taking into account the internal and external environment and the demands of interested parties. Combining the original 23 clusters into 15 level-I issues, covering more than 75 level-II issues.
#3 Related parties communicate
During the day-to-day process, we have an ongoing exchange of relevant stakeholders, including regulators, users, creators, MCNs, clients, employees, business teams, corporate management, NGOs, media, etc., to dynamically adjust the issues. In 2022, we organized annual research, recovered more than 17,500 questionnaires, organized and conducted interviews, discussions, etc., and listened to comments and suggestions from interested parties.
#4 Sort of issues of importance
In analysing the views and recommendations of relevant parties and taking into account the impact of corporate operations, we have identified issues of importance as a basis for adjusting corporate corporate social responsibility strategies and related work.

And so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, uh, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, you know, so, uh, so, so, uh, so, so, uh, so, uh, so, uh, so, uh, so, uh, so, uh, so, uh, so, uh, so, uh, so, uh, uh, so, uh, uh, uh, so, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh,
Emergency and public goods for employment and economic development
Stakeholder attention is being paid to the extent to which employees care for the development of rural areas, intellectual property rights and the original protection of corporate governance, climate change and environmental protection.
The impact of responsible procurement on the company's operations
#2022 Douyin Group Corporation Social Protection Report
# Corporate governance
Sound corporate governance lays the foundation for the long-term development of the group. Quiet groups continue to strengthen internal compliance management, implement responsible supply chains, and work to create a responsible business environment for compliance.
# Compliance management
The sustainable development of the group requires a culture of business and integrity that is consistent with the law. In 2022, the shuddering group implemented more comprehensive compliance management by improving the system, enhancing staff training, enriching internal communication and increasing communication channels, respectively, focusing on anti-corruption, anti-money-laundering, anti-monopoly and birth-awareness protection.
#2022 Douyin Group Corporation Social Protection Report
# Anti-corruption
In 2022, the company revised its management system by adding six thematic sections on anti-fraud, anti-money laundering, sustainable development, etc., to the Code of Conduct for Employees, and in systems such as the Conflict of Interest Management System, by fine-tuning potential conflict of interest scenarios, operating hospitality enforcement standards, approval mechanisms and red line requirements.
# Online thematic training
Conducted 12 online ethics compliance courses, including Anti-Corruption and Bribery Compliance Notices, Conflict of Interest Declarations and Avoidances, with more than 60,000 staff completing their studies.
In response to corruption violations, the company has well-developed channels for reporting and has set up an independent and objective investigation team to receive complaints and follow up on investigations. The investigation team closely protects whistleblower information, handles corruption cases fairly and efficiently, and provides structural support for group anti-corruption construction. In 2022, the by-words moved to further improve the Global Reporting Policy, to include prevention of violations based on whistleblower protection policies, and to conduct timely, informative and diverse training and advocacy activities on topics such as anti-corruption promotion.
# Management training
More than 900 company management staff participated in the Management Responsibility training programme, which effectively enhanced the integrity of managers.
# Staff manual informs you
A full-time test of the newly revised Staff Code of Conduct requires a 100% correct rate; a total of more than 100,000 employees passed the test.
# Anti-money-laundering, anti-monopoly
In keeping with the policy requirements of the Law of the People ' s Republic of China on Anti-Money Laundering and the Law of the People ' s Republic of China on Anti-Telecommunication Network Fraud and keeping track of the updating of laws and regulations and the development of business. In 2022, the Group followed the company ' s new by-word " Global Policy on Anti-Money Laundering and Counter-Terrorism Financing " , ensuring that the group ' s anti-money-laundering internal control mechanisms were compatible with the relevant laws and regulations; and further developed the system of anti-money-laundering and anti-telecommunication fraud work based on the company ' s newly issued " By-by-section Guidelines on Anti-Telecommunication Network Fraud " .
In the area of antimonopoly, the Quake Group maintains a healthy and orderly market environment, in accordance with the Antimonopoly Law of the People’s Republic of China and the relevant laws and regulations and local compliance guidelines. The Group has included fair competition and antimonopoly elements in the Code of Conduct for Employees and has produced a series of thematic courses on antimonopoly issues in hot spots such as “Alternative One” and “Major Data Incision” for its employees.
#2022 Douyin Group Corporation Social Protection Report
# 2022 Voice Group Corporate Social Responsibility Report
8
#2022 Douyin Group Corporation Social Protection Report
# Maternity protection
With regard to the protection of intellectual property rights (IPRs), the Quake Group, in compliance with the relevant laws and regulations, has developed management programmes for different types of IPRs in order to maximize the protection of and respect for intellectual property rights.
In 2022, we further refined the regulation of the use of software, fonts, trademarks, etc., and organized “the month of intellectual property protection” to implement the principles of intellectual property protection. At the same time, the group worked to protect its trademarks, patents, and other intellectual property rights.
As far as patent applications are concerned, as of December 2022, there were more than 29,000 patent applications, more than 9,500 authorizations and over 50 per cent growth in patent applications over the last three years.
R200029000  50%  , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,  , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,  , , , ,  ,               , ,      , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,   , , , ,    , , , , ,
A-a-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b.
1 - November Group newly acquired trademark registration as of December 2022
# Annual IPR protection management initiative
# Software
- Update of the Code for the Use of Third Party Software and conduct of continuous training;
- Establishment of an additional software centre in IT Service to provide staff with efficient and easy access to formal software.
# Fonts
- Development of a " Guide to standard use of fonts " ;
- Synchronize internal font management systems and establish a list of compliant fonts updated in real time.
# Mark
- Revision of the Trademark Authorization Application Process Guide to set up and optimize the global trademark authorization system;
- Cooperation with the China Trademark Association to complete the formation of the Specialized Committee on Internet Trademark Brands, in which shivering Information Services Ltd. acts as Deputy Director.
#2022 Douyin Group Corporation Social Protection Report
# Responsible procurement
In 2022, it improved the system of procurement systems, strengthened the focus on access clearance and performance evaluation in supplier management, created two-way channels of communication between groups and suppliers, and worked with partners to build a harmonious and stable supply chain.
# Vendor management
The shivering group controls access risks for cooperative suppliers. Performance evaluations of suppliers are conducted during the period of cooperation through a management approach that is being combined with incentives and reverse phase-out. The group implements a closed chain of vendor management from access to target, covering more than 10000 vendors in the vault, leading to full-life supply chain management. In 2022, the shivering group revised the Supplier Management System `Supplier Black List Management Scheme ' , implementing the newly published `Supplier Performance Assessment Management Scheme (continent China) `Supplier Exit and Reboot Management Code ' , and improving the vendor management system.
The Group continuously optimizes the role of the Supplier Portal Integrity Cooperation Alert in the vendor portal, hoping to achieve high standards and supply chain risk control in the areas of compliance, environment, employment, etc., in conjunction with supplier partners. As of the reporting period, 78% of active vendors in the repository had signed the Code of Conduct for Partners.
#2022 Douyin Group Corporation Social Protection Report
# Supplier communication
It values two-way communication with its supplier partners and advocates for frank and efficient interaction between the partners. The Group communicates the concept and specific requirements of cooperation to suppliers through various forms of communication, such as annual vendor exchange sessions, feedback on performance assessment optimization and vendor cooperation experience studies, and collects suppliers ' views on the upgrading of the cooperation process, seeking to promote sustainable supply chain development with supplier partners.
In 2022, the Trench Group conducted collaborative research with a number of suppliers in a variety of product categories. Research on communication feedback, collaborative processes, systems use, etc. The recommendations for improvements in research recovery were largely implemented during the reporting period. At the end of the year, the Voice Group planned the second vendor conference, at which an annual vendor performance evaluation was published and a good supplier was invited to share experiences. The Group also shared the results of the vendor research, reaffirming the corporate integrity compliance system, promoting vendor business process training, and promoting corporate social responsibility concepts.
# Promote the Benefits of Technology and Digital Investment
# Technology inclusive, promoting digital inclusion
Science and technology for digital inclusion
Shake groups take full advantage of Internet technology to promote digital inclusion and equal access to digital life for all by increasing digital trust, enhancing digital innovation and focusing on digital access and digital skills for everyone, especially for key populations.
# Promote the Benefits of Technology and Digital Investment
# Technology inclusive, promoting digital inclusion
# Increase digital trust
The Whispering Group is committed to optimizing digital governance initiatives by strengthening information security and privacy protection, consolidating digital trust systems and providing safer and better-quality digital services to users.
# Information security
The Whispering Group attaches great importance to information security and privacy protection, continuously strengthens management, improves management systems and works to create a platform of responsibility for safety and security.
# Management structure
The Whispering Group has set up an Information Security Committee and a Privacy Protection Working Group to coordinate and coordinate the management of corporate information security and privacy protection and to ensure compliance with information security management requirements.
Information Security Committee to integrate overall strategic planning for information security and to review, supervise and guide support on critical matters related to information security management
A-a-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b.
The Privacy Protection Working Group is responsible for promoting the privacy of the company ' s internal products.
# In the management system
The Whispering Group develops management practices such as the Personal Information Protection Security Code and Data Classification Classification Standard, strictly manages user information and data security, clarifies the responsibilities of the personnel concerned, establishes an information security system that meets the requirements of process management, and provides leadership for the full implementation of security precautions.
# Management mechanisms
The shivering group has a range of security service capabilities, such as SDLC, security assessment, and an accompanying ex ante and on-the-spot control process to ensure the effective operation of the information security management system and the timely identification and processing of information security risks in the course of operations.
# 2022
By the end of 2022, all its platforms, products, etc., had been certified for compliance.
# Certification
The max engine is certified by the National Information Security Phase 3 Protection (SIG) measurement and filing, ISO 27001, ISO 2770, SOC 2 Type II, SOC 3 etc.
A-a-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b.
Vibration symphony is measured and filed through the National Information Security Level Protection Level III, ISO 27001 for information security certification and ISO 27701 for privacy information management certification.
# Promote the Benefits of Technology and Digital Investment
# Technology inclusive, promoting digital inclusion
# User privacy protection
In order to protect the privacy of the user's personal information, shivering groups develop personal information protection security codes and publicly publish the “Five Principles of Privacy Protection” and privacy protection policies for individual products, clarifying the company's rights to use, use and channels of reporting for each product's privacy data, and safeguarding users' privacy rights and interests from infringement.
In 2022, the Byte Jump Security Centre worked with industry experts and legal experts to promote the development of principles and regulations for the application of the law on privacy calculations, to complete the report on the guidelines for compliance with the law on privacy protection calculations and to organize a forum on privacy protection calculations to provide a legal basis for the development of the data factor market.
# Privacy protection values
Open transparency requires user-controlled security and continued protection.
A-a-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b.
We will try to help you understand how we collect and use information through complete and clear agreements and friendly communications, and we will strictly comply with the requirements of the law and regulations. We will collect and use your personal information to the extent reasonable and necessary, on the basis of quality services. We will also assist you in realizing your right to manage personal information. We will take strict regulatory and technical measures to protect the safety of your personal information, and we will integrate the concept of privacy protection throughout the design, development, listing and operation of the product in order to better protect your privacy.
# Information security promotion
In order to raise awareness of information security and improve information security protection skills, the Quake Group actively conducts staff training, conducts trade exchanges and joint school projects, and deepens awareness of information security precautions.
On the inside, for different topics of information security, the shivering group introduced mandatory staff training and customized training for different jobs and operations, and used security awareness cartoons, fun videos, etc. to convey information security knowledge in its daily work and raise awareness of the information security of all employees. In 2022, companies conducted training and shared exchanges on 102 occasions, covering a cumulative total of 196,000 jobs and a training satisfaction rate of 94.9 per cent.
# Training and data exchange
102  Training and sharing of exchanges by the field company
A-a-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b.
One hundred and sixty-six thousand pounds of cumulative coverage.
Training satisfaction rate of 94.9 per cent
# Promote the Benefits of Technology and Digital Investment
# Technology inclusive, promoting digital inclusion
# The Tremble Group organizes the seventh “Safe Line Technical Salon”
In June 2022, the seventh byte beats the “Safe Child Technology Sharon” back in the summer. The event focused on “Safe Business Challenges and Practice Sharing” to exchange information on how to address security risks, promote industry experience sharing, and help secure talent grow and work together to improve the information security ecology.
#Tblzi #Zei*
#tw
41r 2122
EMP0 W ER 5 E C U R TY ENRICA H LIF E
0 2022/6/23 14.00-17.00
Byte Livestream
Google Cloud
# 2022 CCS Chengdu Cybersecurity Congress and Web Data Governance Summit
In August 2022, six thematic sub-forums were co-organized by by bytes by several well-known security companies and universities both within and outside the United Nations to discuss issues from a variety of directions, such as meta-cosm security, financial security and cyber-security talent development, to provide a comprehensive coverage of the technological frontier of the current hot network security, to set up an industry exchange platform to lead industrial change with the highest-quality technologies.
2022 CcS
#CLOUD SECURITY PRCTICAL FORUM
2022/9/26 14:30-17:30
Iccstsem
# Promote the Benefits of Technology and Digital Inclusion to promote digital inclusion
# Digital governance
In order to ensure that digital governance works effectively, the Voice Group continues to build appropriate governance systems and sound management systems and mechanisms. The Group has set up content safety quality centres, business ecology and safety units, and has set up dedicated teams in business lines and products to improve content quality, follow up user feedback and build healthy platform ecology.
In 2022, we improved the management of content, electricity suppliers, live broadcasts, advertising, etc., with special governance; and strengthened the professional capacity of auditors and increased risk awareness. A cumulative 637 training sessions were conducted throughout the year, covering 390,761.
# System documents related to digital governance
# For content governance:
(c) The development of the Headline Community Code of Today; and the amendment of the Convention on Self-regulation of the Shake Communities in 2022 to give clear definition and standards of governance to phenomena such as Internet violence and the dissemination of false information.
# For power vendor governance:
- Electronic content: development of the General Principles for the Management of Producers of Electric Commerce, the Code for the Creation of Electronic Content, the General Rules for the Management of Commercial Infractions, and, in 2022, development of the Consumer Quality Content Statement, the Guide to Quality Content in Industry, the System of Quality Authors' Mental Values;
- Commodity governance: in 2022, the General Rules for Wivering, the Commodity Quality Sub-Regulation was developed, upgrading the Business Continuity Sub-Regulation to the Business Credibility Level Standard.
# On Live Governance:
Establishment of the Regulation on the Establishment of Vibration Lives 2022.
# For advertising governance:
Development of the Guidelines for the Management of Massive Thousands of Services. 2022 Revision of the Guidelines for the Management of Mass Engines - Advertising Inductions, the Rules for the Management of Infractions in Data Promotion.
# Promote the Benefits of Technology and Digital Investment
# Technology inclusive, promoting digital inclusion
# Content-specific governance
To further secure the platform’s content, the Voice Group promotes “normative expression” and focuses on the management of false and harmful information, cyber-violence, cyber-fraud, etc. At the same time, the Voice Group demands that MCN agencies comply strictly with the regulations governing the platforms, assume responsibility for the management and supervision of accounts under the flag, and build healthy creative ecology.
# Unreal information governance
In 2022, the front-line rumours ' knowledge base added more than 1.5 million rumours, accumulated over 340,000 false rumours and disposed of about 38,000 headlines. Throughout the year, 6.47 million pieces of false information were processed in institutions such as the Trebble Links and nearly 100 media outlets, containing 231.7 million pieces of suspicious content and 452 per cent in efficiency. A total of 30,000 known rumours were examined and new rumours continued to be collected by the watermelon video rumours review team.
# Cyberviolence governance
By defining content standards for cyberstorms, improving monitoring mechanisms, developing identification models, improving product functions, etc., the Cyborg Group continuously improves the governance of cyber-violence and creates a good network atmosphere. Among these, today’s headlines, tremors, watermelon videos, etc., are screens and reports of inappropriate speech, one key shield, private envelopes, bulletscreen key words, friendly speech alerts, etc. The Cyborg team has also been set up to provide psychological comfort and care to users who have created negative emotions, for example, as a result of cyber-storms. In 2022, over 1 million headlines were identified and filtered today; in 2022, more than 14000 account numbers were blocked, and more than 11 million comments were intercepted daily.
# Internet fraud governance
In 2022, the headlines improved the ability to identify frauds, improved risk alerts, the disposal of fraud accounts, and the targeting of related departments. By optimizing anti-fraud models, the number of active identifications today decreased by 40 per cent on a monthly basis. More than 100 anti-fraud models are running daily, more than 9000 wind control strategies are implemented, a daily average of 315 million risk logs and 96.72 per cent of frauds are intercepted earlier.
Throughout 2022, a number of institutions, such as shivering and nearly 100 media outlets, dealt with false information of 6471 thousand and 11 million.
A-a-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b.
The tremors run the anti-fraud model 100 plus 315 million times a day.
The average daily rate of interception of risk accounts is 96.72 per cent, and the rate of early interception of fraud is 96.72 per cent.
# Promote the Benefits of Technology and Digital Investment
# Technology inclusive, promoting digital inclusion
# Electric power provider governance
The shivering group has set up a well-established system of power vendor governance, establishing norms on the access qualifications of the creators of electricity, codes of conduct, responsibilities in transactions, etc., and directing the authors of electricity to establish positive values and to calibrate business behaviour in a timely manner.
In 2022, the Group stepped up its governance in the areas of electrical content, commodities, consumer interests, and comprehensively combated low-quality electrical content, such as false, crude and abusive content. As of October, a six-time special regulation of low-quality content violations had been implemented by divulgers, dealing with 3.2.8 million low-quality short-quality videos and 15 million low-quality live broadcasts.
# The vibrates start the Spring Rain program, 20 billion traffic encourages the creation of quality content
In March of 2022, the shivering electrician officially launched the Spring Rain Project, which provides a 20 billion-dollar flow incentive, equity guarantees, and business assistance to businesses and people who create quality electrical content. In June, the Spring Rain Project launched a campaign on the theme “100 good lifestyles” to encourage industry and industry to create short videos based on standards. During the event, the cumulative excavation of quality content was over 370,000 items, with a general increase in GMV from 5% to 10%.
# Promote the Benefits of Technology and Digital Investment
# Technology inclusive, promoting digital inclusion
# Live governance
In order to contribute to the development of the industry’s norms and health, shivering groups continue to combat irregularities and malpractices in the air and to organize live broadcasts by conducting live training courses for the anchors. In 2022, shivering carried out a number of ad hoc governance actions to optimize the environment.
It also runs a live live broadcast training course to regulate live broadcast behaviour. Of these, it covers dozens of courses and nearly 100,000 studies in 10 days. It also provides live live security guidelines at its creator’s learning centre, further helping the anchor to understand the platform’s rules and requirements through courses, animations, and so on.
# Vibration live to launch a number of ad hoc governance initiatives to strengthen live broadcast governance
In 2022, a number of ad hoc governance initiatives were launched through live tremor.
- Special action for the governance of the “bad rice culture”: serious management of typical behaviour such as “unnormal reporting, evaluation of assessments, provocations” in part of the live airtime.
- Ad hoc PK content governance action: governance of malicious eyeballs, incitement to antagonism, and other bad PK content.
- Action to combat superstition and pseudo-scientific content: a severe attack on the use of false inducements and on-line gift trading through an exaggeration superstition ceremony in the live air.
- Special action to regulate the broadcasting of live outdoors: severe penalties for offences against the privacy of others and for acts of violence against the interests of the public.
# Examples of violations
The superstitious superstition of a pseudo-scientific swindle lures consumption.
A-a-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b.
It's a fortune-teller net, a black and gray product, and a porno guide to gambling.
The street crowds are attacking the vilification and the negatives and harassing people by force.
It's a violation of privacy by breaking the law.
Inducing underage consumer traffic to fake and demeaning punishments and ill-received live broadcasts.
The minors are calling out to fight the PK to incite fans to unnatural reporting.
We're going to have to talk about each other. We're going to talk about it. We're going to talk about it, we're going to talk about it, we're going to talk about it, we're going to talk about it, we're going to talk about it, we're going to talk about it, we're going to talk about it, we're going to talk about it, we're going to talk about it, we're going to talk about it, we're going to talk about it, we're going to talk about it, we're going to talk about it, we're going to talk about it, we're going to talk about it, we're going to talk about it, we're going to talk about it, we're going to talk about it, we're going to talk about it.
In 2022, tremor live broadcasts were managed on a special basis, and a total of 1.03 million non-compliant accounts were withdrawn from live broadcasts.
Figure: Illustrated governance action
# Promote the Benefits of Technology and Digital Investment
# Technology inclusive, promoting digital inclusion
# Advertising governance
With respect to the advertising process, a comprehensive management system has been put in place: pre-, in- and post-investment systems have been set up; and, with regard to the system, in 2022, the Big Engine-Adverting Regulation has been revised to clarify the classification and classification of irregularities.
There's no way to deal with violations during the pre-advertisement campaign.
A-a-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b.
In the event of irregularities on the part of the advertiser, the giant engine has the right to take steps to break the chain, stop the service, etc.
3000+ disposal of fraudulent advertisers throughout the year
Disruption of 97 per cent of reporting loops after high counterfeiting
Among these, the mega-engine has set up special teams to deal with high-profile issues, such as the “mocked counterfeits” of “black ash products,” using a combination of online and offline strikes, and has achieved some success. For example, advertising fraud has been reduced through account risk identification, black-word interception, access security strategy development, and joint public security strikes, with 80% of fraud complaints falling in the last six months. In 2022, the mega-enginees disposed of more than 3000 fraudulent advertisers, assisting public security with forensics, downline strikes, and successfully breaking off off-site frauds.
For priority groups such as the elderly, adolescents and others, massive engines continue to provide greater protection, including by collating common risk scenarios for minors, limiting placement strategies in specific industries and areas, and even prohibiting advertising, reducing the probability of risk occurrence; and adapting to the use of older user groups through, for example, the identification of advertising labels, the easy to reach jump buttons, etc.
# Promote the Benefits of Technology and Digital Investment
# Technology inclusive, promoting digital inclusion
# Original protection
The Whispering Group attaches importance to the protection of original rights and copyrights, provides flow support for quality original content, provides abuse monitoring and advocacy services for original creators, and works to build guaranteed creative spaces.
# Tortary discovery
In addition, tomato novels are based on the similarity of circumstances and dramas, setting standards for judging the violation of the work, and determining the violation of the work published by the author on the platform.
# The creator defends his rights
In response to abuses at the station, products deal with tort videos or accounts, including torts, and the transfer of infringers' fans. In response to out-of-station torts, shivering groups have set up green channels with multiple platforms to quickly file complaints about tort videos. The shivering group has also launched a number of special initiatives to assist creators in defending their rights, such as the shivering “initiator coalition” and providing rights-based services such as tort monitoring and free litigation for the authors of the contract; the video on-line block chain documentation service of the watermelon to help the authors record information about the original creation, legitimate advocacy rights; and the first one-stop complaints platform to achieve full coverage of the electric market landscape in the business, IPPRO.
# Statistics
As of the end of 2022, a cumulative contract of 62,000 creators has been signed by the Union of the Founders of the Shake.
A-a-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b.
We've got over 760,000 video clips.
Help 45 authors initiate off-site lawsuits for the defence of rights  59
We're almost 670,000 yuan.
In 2022, the watermelon video provided over 70,000 original creators with 7 x 24 hours of advocacy services.
We've got over 730,000 hits on the next tort video.
A total of 148,377 video electronic certificates in Xigua
As of October 2022, the IPPRO platform provided services to more than 18,000 rights holders and 15,000 intellectual property rights claims.
I've heard over 180,000 complaints of violations.
Delete the tort link over 160,000 strips.
In 2022, tomato novels helped close to 30,000 authors cumulatively file complaints against more than 2 million pirate sites.
In 2022, in the headlines of today's day, 25 thousand rights were upheld.
There's more than 60,000 cases of abuse outside the station.
# Copyright secure
The Wives Group attaches importance to the awareness-raising of a wide range of creators, clarifying the content of copyright security and avoiding abuses by creators in their daily creations. At the same time, open channels of complaint are established, violations are promptly detected and dealt with.
# 2022 data
We're talking about a 26,05 million-odd video.
A-a-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b.
The video below the watermelon video is over 3.58 million.
The Whispering Group has actively participated in multi-sectoral “Swordnet Action”, such as the National Copyright Authority and the General Directorate of Broad and Wide Power, to establish cooperation with other video platforms and to direct a wide range of creators to create a copyright awareness of “respecting copyright and encouraging innovation”.
# Promote the Benefits of Technology and Digital Investment
# Technology inclusive, promoting digital inclusion
22
# Promote the Benefits of Technology and Digital Investment
# Technology inclusive, promoting digital inclusion
# User trust
In order to better convey value and enhance user trust, shattering groups continue to refine and optimize user communication and anti-mocking mechanisms with a view to creating a more satisfactory service experience for users.
# Improvement of the service system
The Whispering Group has established a comprehensive user service system that addresses the needs of different user groups at different stages, identifies service requirements, establishes user service experience centres and ensures the provision of comprehensive user services.
The service content of the first stage of the operation is as follows:
A-a-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b.
Pre-optimal standardization, up-to-date service processes, panorama process collating and problem resolution.
The intervention system establishes an early warning system for experiencing damage and effectively intervenes with users who experience damage through a two-way "product + manual" route.
Post-response monitoring of internal and external experiences in real time, setting up of emergency response teams, and real-time attention to user high-frequency issues to facilitate efficient resolution of problems.
# Obtain user feedback
In 2022, the group received feedback and feedback from users on a regular basis, looking at user feedback and suggestions, taking the initiative to obtain a broad understanding of users ' views and explore solutions through research, interviews, etc. The group organized specific activities to address and improve the problem, including through daily distribution of content flow questionnaires and regular user surveys at the end of the spectrum.
Figure: User research and feedback channels
# Promote the Benefits of Technology and Digital Investment
# Technology inclusive, promoting digital inclusion
At the same time, shivering groups provide users with multiple feedback channels, such as hotlines, mails, communities, etc., and establish multi-view processing mechanisms that provide a comprehensive understanding of users ' needs and take into account users ' advice in order to provide users with a better service experience.
# Full channel service quality
On a daily basis, “Service monitoring — problem diagnosis — staff counselling — business improvement” is being optimized to ensure that the quality of service is maintained at a high level within the industry
# Monitoring mechanisms
Conduct of daily full-scale spot checks and review and export of daily surveillance reports to analyse the root causes of client complaints and promote problem corrections
# Customer vs. Surveillance
Daily-dimensional monitoring and early warning of long-end indicators related to the dimensions of time-out, long-range calls, multiple in-line consultations, customer references to verbal abuse, etc., to improve the efficiency of incident handling
# Optimizing obsessive mechanisms
In recent years, shivering groups have continued to optimize anti-demographic mechanisms to guide users to the healthy use of the network, to allocate reasonable time to use, and to develop good habits. At the same time, using the user’s favorite star, moving IP, to film the rest alert video, it triggers the alarm at a reasonable time for different groups of people.
In 2022, the twitch group on-line rest alarm function, which reminds users at the set time according to their own usage habits, was continuously refined by adding custom alarm styles, content preferences, rest alarm videos, etc.
# Figure: Use of management assistants
# Figure: Resting reminder video
# Promote the Benefits of Technology and Digital Investment
# Technology inclusive, promoting digital inclusion
# Strengthening digital innovation
Byte beats consistently focus on STI, increasing scientific input, upgrading the level of technological innovation and increasing the benefits of science and technology through cross-applications and open sources of technology.
# Technological innovation
Byte beats to focus on technological frontier areas, explores cross-applications of technology, and promotes technological innovation in industry. In 2022, byte beats to continuously invest in technological innovation, producing research and development in various fields, such as artificial intelligence and cloud computing, real-time transmission, etc.
# 2022 byte beat partial R & D
The results of the research carried out by the AI+ neuroscientific pyrotechnic team in collaboration with, among others, the National University of Singapore were officially published in the top neurobiology journal Nature Neuroscience, which for the first time introduced AI meta-learning into neuroscientific and medical fields, achieving a reliable AI model for training in limited medical data and enhancing precision medical effectiveness.
A-a-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b.
The AI+ Quantum chemistry byte beat Research team focused on the combination of neural networks with the quantum Monte Carlo method to achieve high-precision results that went beyond traditional methods on quantum multiplicity; the DeepSolid model was presented, which significantly expanded the application of the neural network-based real-space quantum multibody function method, which was published in the top publication Nature Communications.
-VLM & X2-VLMX-VLM and 2-VLM are the best visual language models at the same parameter scale today, with the effect of SOTA on several multi-modular understanding missions; reading features are supported in the headline accessibility project, raising the satisfaction of visually impaired users by 23%.
The Research team has developed and launched an intelligent mobile robot that achieves high-precision head and upper limb movement, capture operations and mobile search capabilities. Smart robot semantic navigation technology has won the champion of an internationally recognized robot, Habitat object navigation challenge.
An example of a global landscape coverage, self-researching of a soft and hard cloud computing infrastructure, with a large computing pool and flexible service capacity, supports a rapid expansion of large-scale resources over a short period of time, with a maximum cost reduction of 90% or more compared to the conventional ECS example.
# Promote the Benefits of Technology and Digital Investment
# Technology inclusive, promoting digital inclusion
# Super-low-late live
The Volcano engine, in conjunction with Aliyun and Tanjun, issued a “Standard standard for ultra-low-lated live transmission agreements”, reducing the delay of traditional live broadcasting technologies 3-6 s to 1 s, giving users an ultra-low-time, low-calton, second-time fluid experience.
# Smart knob
In October, 2022, the Whispering Group released “volcanic writing” for its smart English writing assistant, which provides English authors with accurate and easy-to-use lubricant, rewrite and correcting features that can be applied in such settings as essays, working mail, etc. The “volcanic writing” brand of “cancer writing” has led the industry by correct techniques of writing and auditing.
# Technology open source
In 2022, the byte beats set up the Open Source Committee to further promote the open source of technology, adding a new voice pre-training model, CBERT, LightSeq, and other nearly 20 open-source projects.
# Selected technology open source projects listed in 2022
CoBERTCoBERT is a voice pre-training model, which takes advantage of “showing continuous voice signals into discrete spaces” and ranks in the forefront of speech recognition and voice translation tasks for SuperB assessment data sets, which has outperformed the mainstream voice pre-training model.
A-a-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b.
LightSeq-LightSeq is the first industry-wide open-source acceleration engine to fully support the Transformer-type model training. In 2022, LightSeq related technology results were recorded at the top of the international high-performance computing conference SC22. The project launched its first 8 bit mix accuracy training programme, reducing the threshold and cost of AI applications.
Cloud Shuffle Service (CSS) Cloud ShuffleCSS is an advanced Shufle programme for industry that addresses the complexity of the traditional Shuffle programme cluster environment, which often leads to diskette IO load/disk capacity overloads. By the end of 2022, CSS could have completed more than 80,000 operations, exceeding 12 PB Shuffle volumes, widely recognized in terms of performance and stability.
HertzHertz is a Golang microservice HTTP framework with high accessibility, high performance, scalable features. By the end of 2022, Hertz Server contained more than 10,000 services, Hertz Client contained more than 3,000 services, peaking at QPS over 30 million.
AppsarkAppsark is a static analytical engine for Andre app that allows analysis of megaapps over a limited period of time and space resources. When used within companies, most of the rules have been reduced to below 5%, better than most of the known engine products on the market.
# Promote the Benefits of Technology and Digital Inclusion to promote digital inclusion
# Focus on key populations
In 2022, it continued to focus on young people, the elderly and people with disabilities, helping them to enjoy digital life more securely, healthyly and easily by optimizing their products and increasing the supply of quality content.
In 2022, today’s headlines APP, shivering APP (including the Vibration Volcano version) and today’s headlines and watermelon video sites were the first to be evaluated through the Ministry of Industry and Informatics’s “Action on Internet Applications for Aging and Barrier-free Adaptation.” A personalized content excavation model based on machine learning was selected in 2022 at the Song Qing Age Children’s Development International Forum in 2022, with a typical case of artificial intelligence for children.
# Protecting young people
During the period under review, the Voice Group has given high priority to the health and development needs of adolescents in its products and services. It has continued to improve the functioning of its products, optimize the supply of content, actively engage in activities of public interest for the healthy development of adolescents and provide them with protection and guidance in the longer term.
# Refinement of products and services
In 2022, the Youth Protection Model, based on measures such as time locking, closing rewards, charging values, private correspondence, live broadcasting functions, went online to watch alerts, voice searches, reading things, AR animations, an encyclopedia of knowledge, TV screens, secret productions, interest channels, etc., and encouraged adolescents to “explore the world and record their lives” while further safeguarding their physical and mental health.
Since its launch in August 2022, the platform has released more than 700 uninsured videos with more than 5 million views; more than 300 legal aid cases have been processed.
# Promote the Benefits of Technology and Digital Investment
# Technology inclusive, promoting digital inclusion
# Strengthening quality content for adolescents
By encouraging creators, conducting thematic activities, and building knowledge boards in conjunction with authoritative institutions, twitching groups continue to strengthen quality content for young people, providing them with scientific, cultural, artistic, and safety knowledge. The twitching youth model has also structured these quality content in the form of a collection, discovery pages, etc., to help users to systematically learn. In 2022, the consumption of twitching youth's generic content increased by 42% compared to the previous year.
In 2022, we launched activities such as “Scourboys” and “DOUs to light the future of children” at such important points as summer holidays and World Children’s Day to inform the public about the concept of the protection of minors.
# Promote the Benefits of Technology and Digital Investment
# Technology inclusive, promoting digital inclusion
Trembling groups plan for a variety of content, broaden the knowledge base of adolescents and advocate for public attention to the protection of minors
- The “Star River Knowledge Programme”, which encourages creators to create a collection of knowledge for young people and further stimulates their curiosity and creativity through the systematization and systematic presentation of knowledge videos;
- A project entitled “Shaking in the clouds”, launched in conjunction with the family museum, to help visualize the treasures of the family palace and to create an encyclopedia of the video to present the public with a true, accurate, visual and vivid historical culture of the family palace;
- “Dou to light the future of children”: launch of a thematic event with the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF) on World Children's Day to convey the concept of child protection around “respect for the child's voice, listen to the child's voice, protect the child's right to participate” and call for all to participate in highlighting the child's future.
# Promote the Benefits of Technology and Digital Investment
# Technology inclusive, promoting digital inclusion
We're going to have to do something about it.
Xinium--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Bronze-plated gold-writing man's bell.
1J3333333333
We're going to have to do something about it, and we're going to do something about it, and we're going to do something about it, and we're going to do something about it, and we're going to do something about it, and we're going to do something about it, and we're going to do something about it, and we're going to do something about it, and we're going to do something about it, and we're going to do something about it, and we're going to do something about it, and we're going to do something about it.
# Promote the Benefits of Technology and Digital Investment
# Technology inclusive, promoting digital inclusion
31
# Promote the Benefits of Technology and Digital Investment
# Technology inclusive, promoting digital inclusion
# Launch of the Youth Public Interest Project
For the affected areas, the shivering groups contribute to the reconstruction of schools in the affected areas by means of projects such as the Benevolent School Scheme, which provides a wealth of activities for young people.
# The Child-Friendly Guardianship Programme
In 2022, the Special Committee for the Protection of Minors of the China Federation of Networked Social Organizations and the Beijing Centre for Legal Aid and Research on Juveniles launched the Plan for the Protection of the Child, a project funded by the Beijing by-laws Foundation, which aims to foster a model group of social organizations for the protection of minors by means of thematic training, operational guidance and financial support, exploring the “uninsured model” of a combination of “legal aid + psychological counselling + professional social workers”. At present, the project covers 14 provinces, fostering 193 lawyers, social workers and psychological counsellors specializing in the protection of minors, providing legal advice 1806 (of which 401 are from tremors); and entering legal proceedings 306.
Figure: Beijing Youth Legal Aid and Research Centre Xiao Lihua team of lawyers discussing uninsured work
# Promote the Benefits of Technology and Digital Investment
# Technology inclusive, promoting digital inclusion
#91641
T. Lee Zhendan, Director of Good Spaces for Children at the First Junior High School, Tangyang County, Henan, is giving classes to the children
# “Colleges Project”
On September 5, 2022, the Beijing Bytes Foundation donated $1 million to support the rehabilitation of three schools in Sichuan High School in Sichuan Province, the Gunchun High School in Ganz Tibetan Autonomous Oblast, and the grass-town primary school in Asbestos County. On July 2021, 2022, 21 November 2022, profit schools planned a cumulative renovation of 210 schools, have built 108 beautiful spaces for the benefit of children, and have conducted 6471 Quality education sessions, benefiting 33198 students directly.
210. Accumulative renovation of schools is planned
A-a-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b.
A total of 108 places have been built for the benefit of children.
Quality education courses conducted in 6471
33198 students received directly from the student benefit programme
# Promote the Benefits of Technology and Digital Inclusion to promote digital inclusion
# Love the silver-haired group
In order to help older users to bridge the digital divide, shake groups combine the functions of safety protection, late-night televised rest alerts, etc., with a public service training course on tremors in their services, as well as a multiplicity of community-friendly platforms for older persons, to help them to have healthy and safe use of the Internet and to integrate and enjoy digital life.
# Secure the net
In order to ensure the safety of older users with the Internet, prevent them from becoming overly obsessive about the online world, twitch on-line with rest alerts, and guide users to better browsing and rational allocation of time. At the same time, we have launched a small An Qingzon community to protect the safety of older people with the Internet. There are now old-age models, Qing Xin Protection, old-age friends, companionship, and so on. In 2022, tremors upgraded video alerts, voice alerts, time management tools, etc., with a multi-dimensional focus on older people ' s health online.
Left chart: Little An Qing Song community
Right Diagram: Blossom Video
# Promote the Benefits of Technology and Digital Investment
# Technology inclusive, promoting digital inclusion
# Build a friendly platform
In addition, we have taught older users the skills necessary for the digital age by conducting public service training courses for older groups, calling on creators to issue a mobile phone curriculum. We have also conducted digital application training courses in collaboration with senior universities and communities in Fujian, Guangxi, Shanghai, etc., to help older people to bridge the digital divide.
# Promote the Benefits of Technology and Digital Investment
# Technology inclusive, promoting digital inclusion
# A pro bono project for the elderly population of “Silver al-Home”
The “Silver almond Home” is a project sponsored by the China Social Welfare Foundation and supported by the Beijing by-laws Foundation for the Public good for the elderly. The project helps the elderly to solve their daily difficulties by setting up old age sites and hiring local professional social workers for old age services, and explores new models of public goods that combine government, business and social organizations to bring together social resources to solve the problems of the elderly.
Public benefit project for the elderly population group “Silent almond homeland”
# 73-year-old grandma live to teach people how to spell
73-year-old Yang Wieun became a teacher in 50 years, starting with the most special group of students last year.
There are tens of thousands of students from all over the country, ranging from pre-school age to age 72, and from middle-aged housing, most of them women.
Yang Wieun's "Symphony Classroom" is broadcast live every morning and every night to teach spelling and literacy. For more than a year, she has witnessed many student changes. Some have mastered spelling and simple Chinese words, so they can read stories to their 5-year-old daughters; some begin to learn ancient poetry and communicate with others without any further barriers.
This reinforced Yang Wieun's determination to continue the live air, knowing that there were tens of thousands of people waiting for her in order to move on to a wider life, and she herself felt that “it is really an old-fashioned thing”.
Figure: Yang Wieun's homeroom for the Xi-Yi-Yi-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji
# Promote the Benefits of Technology and Digital Investment
# Technology inclusive, promoting digital inclusion
# Care for persons with disabilities
In order for special groups, such as visual and hearing impairments, to enjoy a freer digital life, shattering groups have continued to improve the accessibility of their products, including eye-guarding models, colour-impaired models, news readings, novels, and so on. In 2022, shattering platforms continued to perform line-reading functions, “color filtering” models, etc., to address the difficulty of reading images of visually impaired persons and to give them a better viewing experience; the watermelon video-accessible cinema has accumulated more than 120 barrier-free films.
In addition, the shivering group launched a pilot project for the employment of persons with disabilities in Shenzhen, employing an inclusion test engineer for the visually impaired, making the work areas accessible and promoting the employment of persons with disabilities.
Chart: Under the function of reading the diagram, the user will hear: "A white flower on a branch, the text of which is the headline @ Willows ink."
# Promote the Benefits of Technology and Digital Investment
# Technology inclusive, promoting digital inclusion
Wired on "Accessible Subtitles Live Room". Users can learn about the game in real time through text
In 2022, in preparation for the four-year World Cup, we went on-line to provide low-time captioning through accurate voice recognition and manual re-calibration, not only to help hearing impaired groups gain access to the match, but also to provide more access to ordinary users.
There are many functional options, and you have a better experience of watching the game. As of December 19, 2022, more than 1.9 million people had watched the game during the World Cup ' s accessible subtitles live.
# Briton
Figure: Hearing-impaired fans watching live with their friends using barrier-free subtitles.
Figure: Accessible Subtitles Live Room
# Promote the Benefits of Technology and Digital Investment
# Technology inclusive, promoting digital inclusion
# Accessibility is safer, byte beat results win the CVPR 2022 AVA championship
In June 2022, the Byte-IC-AutoML team of the Byte-AutoML platform came out of the AV Challenge with a self-researched Parallel Pre-trained Transformers (PPT) framework and became the champion of the track.
This technical programme of the Byte-IC-AutoML team allows the identification of categories that cannot be detected before “wheelchair”, “person on wheelchair”, “person on crutches”, etc., and allows for a more precise classification of population/objects and the prevention of miscalculation.
Figure: Detailed classification of barrier-free population / object achieved
# "AI FOR GOOD, CODE ON!" 2022
2022 The technical public goods innovation cup, under the theme “AI assistive visually impaired groups”, uses AI technology to provide effective and accessible solutions for visually impaired partners to help them better integrate into their lives and work and realize the inclusive value of technological innovation.
Figure: Competing contestants and Xiaotja (right) judges of beneficiaries of the technical public goods innovation cup
The competition brought together 64 byte teams and 501 college students, giving birth to such excellent works as the voice-visual assistant, the audio-visual entertainment assistant, the audio-visual aid, the audio-visual entertainment aid, and the Internet-buying assistant. In the future, we will continue to promote the landing, incubation, of excellent works as a viable product for 17 million visually impaired partners.
# Promote the Benefits of Technology and Digital Inclusion to promote digital inclusion
Figure: Hu Toyyang at work
# Light a headlight
“It took me half a year after my blindness to decide to walk out of the house, but the employment options left to me are very limited, and I find it more difficult for me than for my blindness, social prejudice and poor information.”
Hu Yuyang is a visually impaired person and is currently a member of a shivering group. He is helping more visually impaired groups to reach their own wishes while making valuable suggestions for improving the accessibility of many products such as today’s headlines, watermelon videos, tremors, etc.
“As I worked with the shivering group and other sound colleagues, I saw my worth again.” Ho-Yoyang said.
40... 40... 40... 40... 40... 40... 40... 40... 40... 40... 40... 40... 40... 40... 40... 40... 40... 40... 40... 40... 40... 40... 40... 40...
# Enrich Cultural Life through Content Co-Creation and Sharing
To share and enrich cultural life
The Tremble Group is committed to building on its own technology and platforms to provide users with more valuable content and to contribute to the enhancement of culture and science. In 2022, it continued to enrich the cultural life of the general public by promoting knowledge inclusion, art exchange, non-genetic heritage, and ancient preservation.
# Enrich Cultural Life through Concent Co-Creation and Sharing
# Promoting knowledge inclusion
By co-organizing leading academics, building a series of knowledge content, and focusing on good book authors, on-line knowledge columns, etc., the Group continues to provide users with structured and structured knowledge content. At the same time, the Consortium ' s platforms provide support and incentives to knowledge creators to develop a good knowledge content creation soil and a high-quality knowledge content ecology.
The data show that in 2022, 250 million users preferred to browse on the content of their knowledge, an increase of 44.1 per cent from the beginning of 2021, and in mid-June of 2022, a total of 2.2 billion people read electronic books on the front page of the day.
Two hundred and fifty million people like to browse through the content of their knowledge.
A-a-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b.
44.1% compared to 2021, the growth rate at the beginning of the year
Two hundred and twenty million dollars per person reading e-books on the headlines of the day in June.
# Introduction of a class of famous teachers
In 2022, the conglomerate joint-name college faculty and university-renowned teachers enriched their knowledge content by means of short video or live broadcasts of open courses and lectures, bringing the knowledge of famous school programmes to the general public and lowering the threshold for popular learning.
By the end of 2022, there were more than 1,000 high schools across the country, of which there were 127 first-class high schools. In 2022, the sound of shaking was introduced to more than 10 institutions in the history of Qinghua, the philosophy of Qinghua, etc. The 100 higher schools in Qinghua and Qinghua and Qinghua are running more than 2000 sessions, adding more than 3000 public courses for leading schools, and the total duration of the additional video and live sessions was more than 150,000 minutes.
One hundred and twenty-seven. The tremor covers the country's first-class high school students.
A-a-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b.
Qinghua's 100-year-old high school students are squeezing.
3000
One hundred and fifty thousand minutes for additional video classes and live broadcasts, the total duration of which is longer than the total duration of the session.
# Enrich Cultural Life through Content Co-Creation and Sharing
# Shared and enriched cultural life
# We built online classes at Qinghua University and Beijing University
Since April 2022, the Qinghua University has launched Qinghua Interviews, a series of excellent lectures, the Qinghua Forum for Humanities, and live programmes such as China, Chuen Sung-kyung ' s Opening Lecture, Liu Jia ' s Interpretation of Brains and Artificial Smart, which have been viewed over 130 million times.
In September 2022, the North Great History Department moved into a shivering class of leading masters such as Dun Xiaonan and Xinzik. As of December 31, 71 more history classes had been updated, attracting over 670,000 walk-in follow-up courses.
# Enrich Cultural Life through Concent Co-Creation and Sharing
# Key knowledge nodes are covered
At the opening season, international museum days, World Earth Day, etc., as well as at nodes such as the Nobel Prize announcement and the 13th launch of the State of Theology, the shivering group brings together authorities, experts, and creators to launch a knowledge campaign to provide users with timely knowledge interpretation and meet their needs. Of these, there are more than 30 knowledge-based events throughout the year, covering various fields such as humanities, science, education, law, finance, etc., which have been exposed more than 50 billion times.
# The twilight of science - the Nobel Prize for full interpretation
The cosmopolitan Nekop creators, within one hour of the award of the Natural Science Award, read the winning information live, provided a rich, diverse and high-quality knowledge content, first responded to the user ' s most important concerns,3 and the reading live was over 4000 w.
# Enrich Cultural Life through Concent Co-Creation and Sharing
# Today's headline on the theme "It's science"
In 2022, on the occasion of the National Science Day, today’s headline event, the theme “This is a science” was designed to provide users with a wealth of science content. Scientists such as the Chinese Academy of Sciences, the Chinese Academy of Science, the Chinese Academy of Engineering, the Chinese Academy of Science, the Chinese Academy of Engineering, the Chinese Academy of Engineering, the Chinese Academy of Engineering, the Chinese Academy of Engineering, and the Chief Specialist of the China Shipbuilding Engineering Society, Tian Xiaochuan, as well as high-quality creators of today’s first scientific field, such as Mr. RYU, Dr. Trinity, conducted a knowledge-based programme in the fields of ocean exploration, aerospace, climate governance and engineering, and artificial intelligence.
# Enrich Cultural Life through Content Co-Creation and Sharing
# Build a knowledge field
In 2022, shivering groups continued to open the doors of knowledge to users in different fields and dimensions by creating in-depth knowledge columns. These included connecting leading writers, publishers, sharing high-quality books and reading insights; and inviting academics, culture and others to speak about scientific and cultural knowledge to meet diverse knowledge needs.
# The second quarter of the Academyman's lecture is on the line with 10 academicians talking about science, innovation and science
In June, the second season of the Chinese Academy of Science and Technology was on the line. The column was launched jointly by the Chinese Association for Science and Technology (CAC) and 10 academicians were invited to participate in the content of the season. Tu Xianghua, Long Loi-ho, Wang Yu Ming, Ka Ho, Wang Shuhua, Wang Joon, Kim Bang, among others, gave lectures on energy strategies, launch vehicles, mechanical design, communications technology, and agricultural engineering.
# Enrich Cultural Life through Content Co-Creation and Sharing
# Shared and enriched cultural life
A video version of "300 pieces of Tang Poe" was launched by the Chinese Bureau of Books.
On June 22, United Nankai University School of Arts and the Chinese Bureau of Books jointly launched the short video edition " 300 pieces of Tang Poe " , inviting Ye Jia-jin and her colleagues, as well as leading writers such as Shi Lianghai and Beijing Teacher-Professor Kang-seok, to interpret the full edition of " 300 pieces of Tang Poe " , 313 pieces of Tang Poe " , in an easy-to-understand manner.
On September 1st, the tremor on the line of the series " Let's Talk Tang Poe " was presented by the guest of Ye Ka Xia, historical scholar and researcher Cao Xianxian of the Chinese Academy of Physics, writer and writer, and screenwriter of history, sharing the beauty of Tang Poe from the point of view of the spiritual world of classical poetry, the history of history, the scientific background, etc.
# Enrich Cultural Life through Content Co-Creation and Sharing
# Shared and enriched cultural life
Today's headline, in conjunction with Jiang Sowei, is "I'm reading on the island."
In November 2022, together with Jiang Sowe, today ' s flagship reading program, " I'm reading in the island " , invited Yuhua, Su-chun, Saikawa, and Kiki to meet in the island to share their thoughts and pleasures in life, living together, reading and writing, and to bring the public closer to reading.
Quite a few high-quality author dialogues.
In December 2022, shivering launched the exclusive “Knowledge Week”, in cooperation with publishing agencies, and invited intellectual and cultural scholars to live with the live talk of the issues of the time and to create a spiritual corner for users.
The first show, by writers Ma Jia Fai and Chiang, talks about the topic "How do we fight loneliness? " , attracted a cumulative 8.8 million views online.
# Enrich Cultural Life through Concent Co-Creation and Sharing
Knowledge Authors ' Incentives
In order to inspire more intellectual writers to create quality content, the platforms under the banner of the Tremble Group have led more creators to produce knowledge content through product functional improvements, creative incentives, and so on. Among these, the Voice promotes “high-value authors of knowledge” and today's headlines launch the “High-quality creators program” to encourage the continued creation of high-quality knowledge authors. By the end of 2022, “high-value authors of knowledge” supported more than 3,200 authors, covering more than 10 types of knowledge, including finance, technology, humanities, law, etc. The number of authors of high-quality knowledge today is over 1.3 million.
The number of creators of knowledge compares to 2021, and the number of published works increased over the same period.
A-a-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b.
50 + 69.6 %  35.4
As of October 2022, there were more than half a million intellectual creators, an increase of 69.6 per cent over the same period in 2021. Under an effective creator support scheme, 35.4 per cent of the productions of content in the tremor category grew in 2022, of which 167 per cent were published.
# Enrich Cultural Life through Content Co-Creation and Sharing
# Build art connections
The Wiggly Group is committed to bringing art closer to the general public, and is constantly joining the authorities in the promotion of excellent works of art. At the same time, it offers artists the opportunity to demonstrate themselves and disseminate the arts, bringing new and dynamic experiences of art to users.
# Connecting culture and art
In 2022, a number of online art activities were carried out to convey the values of good life and art to the general public. In cooperation with museums, art galleries, etc., it was also working with museums, art galleries, and so on to create a “culture and art museum” that allows users to walk out of the clouds.
# UCCA # 2022 Autumn Show
In September of 2022, UCCA co-organized the fall exhibition "Aggregation of Films" and invited 27 groups of domestic and international artists to present a digital age human survival picture. Users can use the two-dimensional code on the shivering exhibition to get presentations, raise the understanding and sense of participation. At the same time, we simultaneously open on-line exhibition halls on the shivering platform to provide users with a full new artistic experience of breaking time and space restrictions.
2+Manifest event user
700 + million activities exposed
# Enrich Cultural Life through Concent Co-Creation and Sharing
Figure: A collection of light film feathers showing the work
# Enrich Cultural Life through Content Co-Creation and Sharing
# Enabling artists to create
The Wiggly Group actively provides artists with a stage for presentation of their works and a rich support programme, which fosters and provides channels for the realization of artistic creations by enhancing precision flows, creating individual IPs for the creators of the arts and helping them better to create and share their works of art through shivering.
# I'm starting the Young Artists program in U.S.A.
In June 2022, the Convergence Central School of Fine Arts launched the “Youth Artists of Vibration” project, which is expected to support 1,000 young artists with potential over a one-year period.
Scanning allows you to find out about the artist you've been selected for.
# Enrich Cultural Life through Content Co-Creation and Sharing
# To pass on the culture of the past
According to the 2022 tremor data report, 1,557 national-level tremors have covered 99.74% of the total video broadcast. In 2022, tremors continued to increase the visibility of good traditional cultures through the support of craftsmen, the introduction of traditional plays and national music support schemes.
It's a Quintus movie.
A-a-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b.
Cyan-ceramic porcelain printing of live verbs
Puppets, puppets, puppets, puppets, puppets, puppets, puppets, puppets, puppets, puppets, puppets, puppets, puppets, puppets, puppets, puppets, puppets, puppets, puppets, puppets, puppets, puppets, puppets, puppets, puppets, puppets, puppets, puppets, puppets, puppets, puppets, puppets, puppets.
It's a big show. It's a big one.
The Chinese paper clippings, the Chinese paper cuttings, the Chinese paper cutting, the Chinese paper cutting, the Chinese paper cutting, the Chinese paper cutting, the Chinese paper cutting, the Chinese paper cutting, the Chinese paper cutting, the Chinese paper cutting, the Chinese, the Chinese, the Chinese, the Chinese, the Chinese, the Chinese, the Chinese, the Chinese, the Chinese, the Chinese, the Chinese, the Chinese, the Chinese, the Chinese, the Chinese, the Chinese, the Chinese, the Chinese, the Chinese, the Chinese, the Chinese, the Chinese, the Chinese, the Chinese, the Chinese, the Chinese, the Chinese, the Chinese, the Chinese, the Chinese, the Chinese, the Chinese, the Chinese, the Chinese, the Chinese, the Chinese, the Chinese, the Chinese, the Chinese, the Chinese, the Chinese, the Chinese, the Chinese, the Chinese, the Chinese, the Chinese.
99.74% 1557 National-level Illustrated Projects.
# To build the traditional music, the national music, stage two
In 2022, the emphasis was placed on the “Dou has a play” programme, the “Dou has a national play” project, which created a second stage for traditional plays, folk music, and provided full support to the industry. Among these, the “Dou has a good show” project, which aims to help at least 10 chambers and 1,000 professional performers to create a second theatre on the line over the next year, by optimizing product capacity, strengthening flow support, creating online programmes, and providing professional training.
The DOU has a national music program that will bring 100 artists from the Central National Orchestra to the air, bringing in more than 100 online concerts. At the same time, live vibrates will open up to folk musicians, folk orchestras, and provide support, professional cooperation, and so on.
# Enrich Cultural Life through Concent Co-Creation and Sharing
It's a live show. "The sound of the music goes on and on and on and on and on, and on and on and on and on and on, and on and on and on and on and on and on.
The actors are singing on a bigger stage.
Chen was raised in a small play family, was a provincial heir to the national Intangible Cultural Heritage “Little Play”, and was awarded the “Brunei Prize” and the “White Jade Lane Award”.
As early as 2017, Chen tried to share a live video of the front stage of the small play "Streetville" and was loved by many online users. Since 2020, she began to share on-the-spots, Coptics, and the whole country.
Figure: Chen Chen's live shivering DOU has a great show at Shanghai Station
# Enrich Cultural Life through Content Co-Creation and Sharing
# Support the craftsman
In 2022, the twitching electrician, relying on the “Viewing Crafts” scheme, introduced activities such as “The Crafts of the Year” and “The Daily Crafts of the Crafts” “The Crafts of the Day” to promote the sale of non-patrimony items on the platform while bringing to users a wealth of non-relict knowledge.
In this context, “along with masters” activities, craftsmen from different industries at the national level, such as non-genetic carryrs, masters of arts and crafts, displaying old crafts through short videos and live broadcasts, promoting non-relicts, and protecting and transmitting traditional crafts. “Acquisty” is built around food and clothing, craft and crafts, crafts and crafts, crafts and crafts and craftsmen, and craftsmen and traditional craftsmen, helping non-herding and non-relicts through live broadcasts, short videos, etc., and selling non-relicts and non-relicts to the public.
# Jiangsu's "Uro Weaving" is spreading old skills and making new colors
A representative of the intangible cultural heritage of Suzhou's city, the “Uro Weaving Arts” of Chu Liun, dedicated his life to the transmission and promotion of the Chinese Saro Wei skills, researched the restoration of many knitting techniques. He and his team developed a tremors @Jubber's Souro, using short video and live transmission of the Copegu costume culture, giving the beauty of the traditional carves a new day-to-day mix of modern people. @Jubert's Suro Kaitton has attracted nearly 100,000 followers and reaped more than 1.3 million points of praise in six months.
Figure: "Uro Weaving" non-genetic Julien
# Enrich Cultural Life through Concent Co-Creation and Sharing
Figure: Ancient restorer, Dowyson, is working
# Enrich Cultural Life through Concent Co-Creation and Sharing
# To help the ancients to protect
Ancestry is an important vehicle for good traditional culture and a non-renewable cultural resource. The bytes, depending on their technological advantages and product capabilities, contribute to the preservation and transmission of ancient culture in its three dimensions: its restoration, its digitization, and its activation.
# Ancient restoration
In June 2021, the by-word joint China Antiquities Protection Foundation set up a special fund for the protection of antiquities, the first of which was 10 million yuan, for projects aimed at the protection of the common good, such as the restoration of the ancients and the development of talent. These include the restoration of more than 100 copies of the "Lake" book of the Young Leung Congregation, and the development of 100 persons of antiquities. As of December 2022, the project completed the rehabilitation of 98 copies of the valuable ancients from the national library and local libraries.
Figure: Restoration of the national map is in the process of restoring the ancients
# Enrich Cultural Life through Content Co-Creation and Sharing
# Ancient digitization
In March 2022, the byte beat gave a donation to the Great North Education Foundation to fully support the work of “Beijing University - the Byte Jump Digital Open Laboratory” and to develop an ancient digitized platform. The byte beats use the technical advantages of the OCR (optic character recognition), reading, physical recognition, knowledge mapping and so that the ancients can be retrieved, associated with reading and in depth excavated and utilized in the form of the text.
At present, the digitized platform for the recognition of the classics has been launched and 685 classics have been opened free of charge; it is expected that, within three years, 10,000 forms of digitalization will be completed, covering essentially the core titles of Confucian, Taoist and Buddhists, and will be free of charge for the entire community.
Here's the first page of the Annals of Young-Long.
Here's the following: a demonstration of ancient digital technology
Scrubbing through the classics.
# Enrich Cultural Life through Content Co-Creation and Sharing
# Shared and enriched cultural life
# Ancient living
It has also built on content platforms such as tremors, today ' s headlines, watermelon videos, and has worked with the wider community to contribute to the survival of the ancients by launching documentaries, co-opting leading colleges and universities, and connecting creators to produce high-quality ancient content.
Among them, the “Friend for Ancient Guardian” campaign, which invited experts, platform creators, to disseminate ancient knowledge in the form of knowledge, painting, and restoration of food, among others, produced over 2.1 billion videos. An ancient documentary entitled “Travel through time and space” was taken from such topics as food, clothing, etc. that are relevant to people's lives at the present time, telling stories about the living, interesting and moving under the ancient cold mask, received more than 35 million broadcasts.
# Be Socially Restonsible and Contribute to Public Welfare assume responsibility for social well-being
:: Responsibilities for social well-being
At home, the group is committed to making every employee work worthwhile and grow. Externally, we rely on company technology and products for a series of explorations in the areas of rural development, small and medium-sized enterprise growth, and the digitization of public goods.
# Be Socially Restonsible and Contribute to Public Welfare assume responsibility for social well-being
# Support for staff development
In strict compliance with the relevant laws and regulations, such as the Labour Contracts Law of the People ' s Republic of China, the shuddering group implements management practices such as the new Employees ' Manual, the Privacy Policy for Personnel, and safeguards the rights and interests of employees, while providing a variety of benefits for employees, paying attention to their physical and mental health and professional development.
# Plurality compatible
It encourages respect and equal competition among all employees, explicitly prohibits the use of child labour and forced labour, strictly controls discrimination in the workplace, harassment, etc., and actively promotes a pluralistic and compatible employment environment.
In 2022, the Group revised its anti-discrimination and anti-harassment policy to improve the reporting and investigation process, and deployed anti-discrimination and anti-harassment automatic alerts on a systematic basis for high-risk high-sensitization elements such as interviews, performance appraisals. The Group also launched a full-time course entitled " Respect in the Workplace " , and focused attention on key groups to raise awareness of mutual respect among employees.
# Occupational health
Through the annual White Paper on Staff Health Reports and the Action Plan on Staff Health Management, the Quantities Group has been dynamically refocusing occupational health priorities to suit the actual needs of employees and to safeguard their occupational health.
In 2022, the Group worked with seven community health agencies, including Beijing and Shenzhen, to complete a total of 9 vaccinations against the influenza pandemic on a voluntary basis for a total of 2,240 employees. At the same time, the Group has focused on first-aid skills training for its staff, which so far has trained over 3,000 AHA first-aid certificate holders; and there are 328 AEDs and 114 SOS emergency response teams, with a total of 1,272 members in 30 cities in the country.
Training AHA First Aid Certificate holder AED SOS Emergency Response Team distributed in 30 cities in the country
A-a-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b.
3000, 328, 114, 1272.
# Be Socially Restonsible and Contribute to Public Welfare assume responsibility for social well-being
Mental health care for employees: Starting in 2020, the Symphony Group continued to improve the mental health management system for employees, integrating the two main directions of “prophylactic problems” and “risk assessment” on the basis of “support facilities”. In 2022, the Symphony Group focused on promoting mechanisms for the management of psychological emergencies, autonomously developing and designing a series of psychological first aid courses and organizing staff participation. At the end of the reporting period, the Symphony Group completed the following projects and introduced products in response to the needs of the project.
# List of completed mental health management system construction projects of Trembling Group in 2022
Assessment of the psychological risks posed by the workload of the staff assessment post is in the process of being optimized.
And so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, uh, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, you know, so, uh, so, so, uh, so, so, uh, so, uh, so, uh, so, uh, so, uh, so, uh, so, uh, so, uh, so, uh, so, uh, uh, so, uh, uh, uh, so, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh,
Prevention of psychological problems in the workplace, assistance in building good interpersonal relations, assistance in building emotional management skills, and assistance in personal growth programmes.
Specialized and effective support facilities for the establishment of health insurance schemes to improve leave management mechanisms to combat psychological violence in the workplace to provide emergency psychological support for the provision of EAP services
Cycling Group on-line Psychiatry, psychological support for employees
By the end of 2022, 698 employees had completed online theoretical courses and 100 had completed offline practical training.
# Be Socially Restonsible and Contribute to Public Welfare
:: Responsibilities for social well-being
# Staff care
In 2022, the Group promoted leave benefits, extended guaranteed benefits and optimized efficiency benefits; during the epidemic, it provided additional sick leave with full pay, issued disease-resistant health kits, and provided more practical and effective support for the work and life of employees. While focusing on the optimization of welfare projects, the Group focused on temperature communication and counselling, and in 2022 the HR duty station dealt with 9,900 monthly welfare consultations with a satisfaction rate of 97.61 per cent.
9900 single-duty HR average monthly processing of 97.61%  satisfaction
A-a-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b.
2022 Welfare consulting 2022 Welfare consulting 2022 Welfare consulting 2022 Welfare consulting 2022 Welfare consulting 2022 Welfare consulting
# Symphony's employee welfare system
- Mission.
- Supplementing commercial insurance, business travel insurance
- Discounts on language courses
- Self-insurance.
- Increased commercial insurance coverage against severe illness
- New self-insurance.
# Growing up
- The festival, the ceremonial box.
- Maternity gifts
- Family Open Day
# Love
- Annual leave, marriage leave, maternity leave, paternity leave, etc.
- New parental leave, family care leave
- promotion of sick leave, funeral leave
# Holidays
- Medical examinations, fitness, massages.
- "byte mood" counselling.
- It's close to rental subsidy.
- Catering, snacks, tea.
- Optimizing night passage.
# Health
# Efficiency
In the context of sick leave benefit policy, the Voice Group has increased the number of sick leave days with full pay and expanded the use of sick leave; in the area of commercial insurance, it has raised the level of insurance coverage for major sickness insurance for employees and expanded the scope of coverage. The Group has also introduced a million medical self-insurance coverage to supplement the risk scenarios for major illness and serious illness to make it easier for employees to choose; and it has extended the coverage to its own family members in an effort to maximize staff resilience to risk.
# Be Socially Restonsible and Contribute to Public Welfare
:: Responsibilities for social well-being
# Talent development
The Quake Group creates a smooth career learning and development path for all its staff, establishes a targeted and diversified training system, and provides staff with a wider range of learning resources through the “byte learning” online platform. At the same time, the Staff Group’s platform resources organize hundreds of interest groups spontaneously to actively engage and discuss with like-minded partners, making individual development more possible.
# Professional upgrading
The Department of Product Research and Development and Engineering Structures plans the Starfire Plan to integrate new R & D staff into the working environment and technological ecology as soon as possible through off-line technology training and on-line technology competitions.
# Backup leader.
The Group sets up leadership training programmes, ranging from ideas to skills, from role awareness to goal management, developing differentiated training courses covering different levels of management, and helping staff to achieve career paths.
# Performance evaluation
The shivering group has a comprehensive, multi-level and feedback-based performance assessment system, using the “performance award” performance principle, to conduct two performance evaluations per year for active staff. The results will be calibrated, approved, and ultimately used as a benchmark for staff follow-up planning development.
# Staff communication
In a frank and clear manner, it encourages its staff to ask questions, provide feedback, express their opinions and set up a wide range of channels of communication to enable every employee to speak and speak freely.
- Within the group there are staff forums where staff can discuss topics such as group management, workplace culture, institutional policy, the work environment, product programmes and user needs.
- Reciprocal duty services are provided by the functional departments, where staff can question the duty number at any time and place and seek feedback.
- The Group conducts annual staff research, in which it provides anonymous feedback on group management, the working environment, professional ethics, etc.
- The Group regularly organizes “ByteDance Face-to-face” staff meetings, which are broadcast live by the Group's CEOs and business leaders to all staff, to keep abreast of the Group's development and business progress and to respond to the staff's immediate focus.
# Be Socially Restonsible and Contribute to Public Welfare assume responsibility for social well-being
# Assisting rural development
With the central objective of rural development supported by increased farmers' harvests and industrial efficiency, the Voice Group focuses on rural “people, goods, landscapes” and focuses on four projects: the “headlines on mountain goods”, the “DOUs in mountains” and the “Rural Guardians” and the “Rural Excellence Plan”.
# Industrial support for farmers
The "DOU is a good wind in the mountains" and "headlines on the mountain" projects, which help produce brands and rural literary brands, drive rural industries.
# Be Socially Restonsible and Contribute to Public Welfare
:: Responsibilities for social well-being
By the end of 2022, DOU in the mountains was a model of replicable strategies. Ten provinces/autonomous regions/cities of the country, including Guangxi, Jiangxi, Yunnan, Sichuan, and 464 counties, supporting 2,268 businesses, sold more than $430 million in sales.
Four hundred and forty-four, two hundred and sixty-six, forty-three million.
A-a-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b.
Accumulative coverage of the project is available for sale.
I'm a businessman in the county. I'm a businessman in the county.
# The cotton pit in Guangxiro
In order for more people to see the brightness of the cotton pits in Guangxiro City, the shuddering group introduced "Gangxi DOU is the good wind" into the city. Through short video and live broadcasts, users were allowed to go to the shivering platform, "Cloud viewing the sky." During the event, the topic was browsed by 270 million, driving the local cultural travel industry to consume, generating an increase in the income of the surrounding villagers, bringing 23 natural camps, 502 households, and nearly 1,700 villagers to eat the "tourism rice" and "industrial rice".
Figure: Overlooking view of the cotton pit in Guangxiro
# Be Socially Restonsible and Contribute to Public Welfare
:: Responsibilities for social well-being
♪ The art wall ♪ ♪ The new face of the banky village of cranes in the south of the river ♪
@ Big Shin... Helping Henan Province with the art walling to "rejuvenate" the paper village of Quihama, Henan Province. He posted short videos of the art wall via a shivering video platform, with more than 50,000 people “breeding grass on the line” for only five days and 10 million exposures in the paper village.
Chart: Artwork of the Paper Village in Cheyenne District, crane wall city, Henan Province
# "Gangxi Dou is a good wind"
From July to August 2022, the project "Gangxi Dou is a good wind" was launched. Through the power of congregaters and shivering people, a short video and live broadcast was used to promote Jiangxi food, natural beauty and folk culture. During the event, # Jiangxi Dou was a good windy topic with over 480 million broadcasts, covering 11 cities, 69 districts, and supporting more than 140 businesses, with cumulative online transactions exceeding 55.43 million yuan.
# Be Socially Restonsible and Contribute to Public Welfare
:: Responsibilities for social well-being
Tu: Jiangxi Xinxi Xinxi Xinxi Region
68
# Be Socially Restonsible and Contribute to Public Welfare
:: Responsibilities for social well-being
In 2022, the Mountain Headlines project covered 146 counties (municipalities) in 8 provinces and continued to raise the focus of the agricultural market in rural content, with targeted support and training to drive local marketing growth through high-quality content and platform technology, linking agricultural products that need to be seen, as well as groups of consumers with potential shopping needs, to the north and south of the river. As of September 2022, the Mountain Headlines cumulatively boosted agricultural sales by 68.95 million units.
# The Xiaoda girl's shop #
Xiaowoo Oda is currently a trader with millions of fans. Through the Xiaoyu Industrial Assistance to Farmers project and training courses, she doubles monthly sales during the live @Oeda Girls' Shop, and has taken the villagers to pack, deliver and broadcast, helping more than 600 people to join the electric company.
Figure: Tian Xiaowoo, shattering creator
# "Fine Dragon Rocks" for the production of Dragonstone agricultural goods
In March 2022, the headlines of the mountain goods entered the Fujianlong Rock. During seven days of assistance to farmers, about 900,000 pounds of land were sold, 2.76 million chicken chest meatballs, 200 acres of dragonstone peanuts, and 4,52,000 single dragon rock farmers.
# Be Socially Restonsible and Contribute to Public Welfare assume responsibility for social well-being
# The Mountain Festival
In December 2022, the Headlines of Mountain Goods launched the annual Mountain Festival to promote the annual production of 100 cents of agricultural products. The event covered 10 regions in the north-east, Guizhou, and Kawasaka, with over 300,000 participants and over 6,647,000 farmers on the national annual market, leading to an increase of 298 per cent in the sales of agricultural products.
Figure : Dragon Rock Farm Oil Pilgrim Dumping Orchids
# Be Socially Restonsible and Contribute to Public Welfare
:: Responsibilities for social well-being
Figure: Village Guardian Photo
# Talent support
In 2022, shivering groups launched the Rural Guardians and Village Excellence Project, which aims to help rural talent incubation by training, operating support, etc., to serve rural and regional industries.
Rural Guardians: By the end of 2022, more than 15,000 subjects had joined the Rural Guardian Project, covering 33 provinces (directly administered municipalities, autonomous regions), 2,159 districts of the country with radiation, and 240 billion broadcasts of quality content in rural areas.
1.5 + 2,259  240 billion
A-a-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b.
Quality content spread throughout the country through the Rural Guardian Project.
# Be Socially Restonsible and Contribute to Public Welfare
:: Responsibilities for social well-being
# Country guardian
@Shang-san. @
@Jan, from Camp Liaoning's Stone Bridge, with a short video of village life on a twitching platform, quickly broke in a year, with more than 18 million fans and became creators of the village short video top stream. @Jan also led relatives to build bridges between farmers and businesses through short videos.
Figure: @Shang classmates say the country is his most infuriating.
# Farmer Kang #
In more than a year, the Guangxi Farmer has accumulated 22,95 million fans, with a cumulative award of 290 million, and has significantly increased the sales of local agricultural products through his video film with “old children”, such as field life, village food, etc., posted on a shivering platform.
Figure: @Concrete Farmer and "Old Child"
# Be Socially Restonsible and Contribute to Public Welfare
:: Responsibilities for social well-being
# Be Socially Restonsible and Contribute to Public Welfare
:: Responsibilities for social well-being
# Country excellence plan
The shivering group has launched a public benefit project to promote rural development and the development of digitized rural talent, aimed at the main players in rural development, with businesses, creators and young students providing skills and literacy training related to business management, digital marketing and industry digitization.
By the end of 2022, the Village Excellence Programme had covered 8 provinces, with a cumulative pool of over 100 teachers, over 700 co-operative colleges, 876 producers and over 200,000 cumulative trainers.
8  8  876  20
A-a-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b.
Rural Excellence Programme
I've already covered the number of people trained by the many creators of the powder.
# The Country Business Hall, chasing after the fields of hope
In order to help rural creators learn new skills and to help rural enterprises flourish, shivering groups have launched a “village business hall” project to help students learn, understand and apply product marketing, enterprise development, etc. through the provision of classroom learning, case discussion, business visits, personalized mentorship, peer exchange, etc.
Figure: Representative of the First Students of the Rural Business School, Private Luwen
# Be Socially Restonsible and Contribute to Public Welfare
:: Responsibilities for social well-being
# 2022 Summer Digital New Media Training Camp
On August 5, 2022, a new summer training camp for digital media was organized by the shudder group for pilot universities throughout the country in 2022. By bringing together representatives of teachers and students from Beijing, Yunnan, Beijing, and 8 provinces, the training camp is a live video-carrying exercise and a field fight in the form of a match-mixing, the real projects of the industry are closely integrated with the curriculum, with the aim of enhancing the creative and operational capacities of new media for students and promoting high-quality employment and entrepreneurship among students.
# New Media Skills Training in Yunnan
On October 30, 2022, the new Media Brigade Skills Training for Yunnan was successfully set up in Yunnan. The training was conducted in a combination of online learning and on-line practical exercises to help participants improve their ability to broadcast live. The training was attended by a total of 4,438 participants, delivering 2.5 million tremors, airing more than 20 million, developing more than 50 literary stars, and promoting and promoting the Yunnan language travel industry.
# Figure: Skills training site in Yunnan New Media (Branch Brigade)
# Be Socially Restonsible and Contribute to Public Welfare
:: Responsibilities for social well-being
Mrs. Pou Tekko.
In 2020, Ms. Li Tekko decided to end seven years of living in the North, and returned home with a shivering account @ Kwok sister's little town story, documenting her home country's natural and folk culture with short videos. Through her participation in the new media training at the Vibral Digital Hall, she increased video broadcasting by 160%, and coffee and the monthly sales of the Nonterrent. In addition, she introduced experience to more than 2,000 young people in her home town, leading more people to help rural development through short video.
Figure: Li Dyco and her daily filming
# Be Socially Restonsible and Contribute to Public Welfare assume responsibility for social well-being
# Promoting small and medium-sized enterprise development
Depending on their advantages, divulgers, flybooks, volcanic engines, etc., provide preferential digital solutions for SMEs and stimulate their dynamism.
In China, Xiaobot has launched an Industrial Growth Programme to help small and medium-sized enterprises and regional economic development; and Xiaobo's Life Service has launched a People-Friendly Helper Scheme.
Reactivation of small and medium-sized enterprises in the regions affected by the epidemic; launch of the "100 million plan" by the mega-engineers to help raise the visibility of SME products; launch of the "Captain" by flybooks
Flying Plan, which helps to improve the efficiency of small and medium-sized enterprises; Volcano Engine, which introduces the Fire Plan, promotes the digital transformation and upgrading of enterprises.
# The Wiggler has launched the Industrial Growth Project to support small and medium-sized businesses
In June 2022, the Wiggler announced the Industrial Growth Plan, which aims to enhance marketing capacity, provide business support, and create exclusive activities and incentives.
The project has covered more than 20 provinces and 68 regions.
It covers a wide range of priority sectors, such as clothing and footwear, jewellery, food health, consumer electronics, make-up, housekeeping, parenting, etc.
Figure: Production line for tremors' orders established by the owner of the cashmere industry of Inner Mongolia
# Be Socially Restonsible and Contribute to Public Welfare
:: Responsibilities for social well-being
Xinjiang Life Service launched the HPP project, which helped to rehabilitate more than 10,000 small businesses in the home
In 2022, in order to help small and medium-sized businesses affected by the epidemic resume their operations, a project was launched to help local businesses improve their lives. The project, aimed at life-service providers in the areas most affected by the epidemic, introduced six initiatives: green access, free training, resource subsidies, consumer subsidies, eco-sufficiency, and the return of fees for software services.
Figure : Helpers for the People Programme to help the blind massage parlour in Shanghai to resume operations
# Be Socially Restonsible and Contribute to Public Welfare
:: Responsibilities for social well-being
The mega-engine launched the 100% program, which provides a comprehensive digital marketing solution for over 150 small-scale home-based businesses.
In 2022, the Big Engine launched the 100% scheme, which encourages business transformation on-line by small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) in different geographical areas, in different sizes, at different stages of development, and achieves business growth and business breakthroughs through platform advantages. As of 2022, the 100% program has supported more than 150 businesses/businesses, helping businesses/businesses to reap the remarkable benefits of the GMV in excess of millions.
The Flying Books launched the "Flying Leadership Plan" to enable small and medium-sized enterprises to operate efficiently.
In May 2022, the Flying Books officially launched the Flying Plan to create efficient office practices for small and medium-sized enterprises with two dimensions of product and services.
Volcanic Engine Upgrading “Fire Project” to facilitate digital transformation of enterprises
The Fire Plan was upgraded in 2022 to position the SME Growth Engine, providing SMEs with time-free or preferential use of multi-products related to data-driven growth, product experience innovation, and business agility to three growth factors, as well as value-added services such as cutting-edge business experience, learning and helping SMEs to fast-track technology-driven growth engines.
By the end of 2022, more than 3,000 enterprises had accumulated services under the Fire Plan, covering a wide range of industries, including IT uniforms, education, manufacturing, medical care, logistics, finance and entertainment, to help more small and medium-sized enterprises to grow with digital upgrading.
# “Fire Project” cumulative service provider
3000+
# Be Socially Restonsible and Contribute to Public Welfare
:: Responsibilities for social well-being
# Putting the public good on the ground
The Whispering Group is committed to building on the products and technical capacities of companies, the Beijing Byte Biennium Foundation, etc., and to continuing to invest in public goods in the hope of connecting more forces and creating value for society.
# Auxiliary pro bono ecology
The tremors jump on public goods platforms, connecting social actors and resources, such as public goods organizations, platform creators, traders, media, and star celebrities, to help digitalize public goods. Byte beating platforms are fair, efficient, transparent, provide equal “visible” opportunities for every public good, and provide users with a more intuitive and comprehensive understanding of the progress of contributions and reassure more people to participate in the public good.
In 2022, the byte beating public goods platform continued to optimize the platform ' s basic functions and to explore ways in which richer users, such as loved ones, could participate in the public goods, thus increasing the possibilities for public goods.
At the same time, the Platform helps public interest institutions to better create public goods through sustained thematic events, affirmative action programmes and the promotion of more creative participants in the public good, and to make public goods more visible to users by means of short video and live broadcasts.
# The electrician loves the good things
When the user buys the love items, the comptoirs donate at a certain rate.
10000+ Participant
Three hundred and ninety thousand on the line.
The love deal is 100 million.
Donation of $1.934 million
# With one shopping, three links
Carrying out a public service feed.
Tatmadaw.
Purchase of commodity-based public goods
User
Quality brands
Donate the love money.
Joint contribution to the common good
Love is always on the way.
# Be Socially Restonsible and Contribute to Public Welfare
:: Responsibilities for social well-being
Figure: Child Welfare Park staff accompanying in-patient children
In 2022, there were 48.9 thousand , 11.2 billion , 18 thousand , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
And so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, uh, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, you know, so, uh, so, so, uh, so, so, uh, so, uh, so, uh, so, uh, so, uh, so, uh, so, uh, so, uh, so, uh, so, uh, uh, so, uh, uh, uh, so, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh,
904 families, 2022 bytes, 1347 donors, 130 million bytes, accumulated in public service projects.
Fund-raising to fund-raising to fund-raising to fund-raising to fund-raising to fund-raising to fund-raising to $650 million.
# Be Socially Restonsible and Contribute to Public Welfare
:: Responsibilities for social well-being
"Dou Love Public Service Day." Happy to do good.
In September 2022, on the occasion of the seventh Congregation Day, the by-line public service platform launched the DOU Public Interest Day theme, using the platform to advocate for users and caring enterprises to “be happy and do good”. From 1 to 7 September, the event led users to raise cumulative funds for public interest institutions through direct donations, the untying of public good missions, the donation of caring companies, etc.
Throughout the month of September, 317 public-interest institutions were involved in 380 public-interest projects, with more than 210 million fans contributing to public-service content and a cumulative total of more than 1.15 million public-interest contributions; the platform produced more than 3,200 public-interest live broadcasts, triggering over 24 million interactions.
Left chart: Facilitator, Wang Shek Jun visiting rehabilitation centre for hearing-impaired children
Right map: Tian Yuan Deng has just visited the sick children
# Be Socially Restonsible and Contribute to Public Welfare
:: Responsibilities for social well-being
# The Red Mountain Forest Zoo in Nanjing
Since June of this year, the Nanjing Red Mountain Zoo has been broadcasting a regular public service broadcast on a shivering platform for the dissemination and fund-raising of “Let it go wild” public service projects.
Of these, 11 Red Mountain Zoo launched a “watch season” series of live public service broadcasts, which generated a lot of discussion. Since the project was launched, the number of public service broadcasts has accumulated more than 2.93 million viewers, more than $1.92 million fund-raising and 1.34 million donations.
: : :
A-a-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b.
right:  right:
# Read well and reward the pig
In 2022, at the hill village school in Haiko Town, Yunnan Tsang Quanqiang County, students with excellent grades received 20 live piglets.
He was a village teacher who taught in 2017 and shared the learning and life of mountain children through tremors.
In 2022, the Shanghai Beneficiary Foundation launched the “Big Pigs” public goods project in partnership with Huo Changqing through a shivering platform, thereby encouraging students in mountain villages to study well and become self-sufficient.
:
A-a-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b.

# Be Socially Restonsible and Contribute to Public Welfare
:: Responsibilities for social well-being
# Emergency response
In 2022, the group joined the emergency response efforts by opening online access, helping with post-disaster relief and reconstruction, and supporting the resumption of work.
# I'm twitching #
In 2022, Cyborg continued its public-interest search program, relying on the shivering, geo-precision window technology of today's headlines, and volunteers to help separated families find their lost. At the same time, the project team optimized the “twig searcher” system, including an iterative search for people's information page H5, upgrading the smart robot “snap search” and optimizing the mechanisms for verifying information on older persons and minors.
By the end of 2022, 26,000 volunteers from the National Union of twitching searchers had distributed over 170,000 tracing messages and helped bring together more than 20,000 family reunifications.
# Be Socially Restonsible and Contribute to Public Welfare
:: Responsibilities for social well-being
He's a twitching volunteer and his volunteer team.
Gan Piao is a war veteran in the neighboring water district of Sichuan province, who is the owner of a barbecue shop and a volunteer in a shivering search project. As of 2022
In December, he released more than 2,000 short video tracing videos through a shivering platform, helping more than 20 people to successfully find a family. In addition, he also made a tremor.
A team of family tracing volunteers was formed to work with more than a dozen like-minded people to help the lost to find a way home.
Figure: Sichuan neighboring water barbecue owner / shivering volunteer
# Fight the epidemic
In 2022, shivering and today's headline anti-epidemic channels were upgraded, new “new coronary consultations” were added to the channels, and online “pharmaceutical aid” was added.
Smaller programs with a view to providing users with more extensive and accurate information on new coronary protections, on-line access to new coronary consultations, and information on mutual drug assistance.
In January 2023, the Beijing Byte Jumping Public Interest Foundation joint shivering village plan announced that it would focus on 30 communes in Guizhou Province and the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region
Village revitalization focused on the districts and 5 less developed districts in Jiangxi province, which donated and distributed approximately 20,000 “ambulance kits” to help prevent and control outbreaks in rural areas.
The disease kit consists mainly of acetylaminophenol, vitamin C boilers, N95 and N96 masks, disinfectants, etc., with a total donation of approximately RMB 4 million.
The cooperative public benefit agency is the Charitable Federation of China.
The China Red Cross Foundation beats the Humanitarian Relief Fund for Medical Workers on a continuous basis to provide humanitarian relief to medical workers. As of November 2022, 18
On that day, the byte beating medical fund provided humanitarian assistance to a total of 93 medical workers (3,746 times) in the fight against the epidemic.
One medical worker, who was unfortunately infected by the epidemic, funded 100,000 yuan each; 73 medical workers who had died in the line of duty as a result of the fight against the epidemic.
A total of 1 million yuan each is financed in the family unit.
# Be Socially Restonsible and Contribute to Public Welfare
:: Responsibilities for social well-being
Figure: Sub-programme page on “Drugs for mutual assistance”
Disaster Emergency Response: The Trench Group is committed to building on its own product capacity to improve disaster early warning and response efficiency, and actively contributes to the rehabilitation of affected areas through the Beijing Byte Jump Foundation.
In 2022, the byte beats public interest platforms opened multiple donor portals to 96 public interest projects in emergency relief, making aid more timely, raising $33.88 million throughout the year.
N022
Left chart: recommendations for tremors on the front page
Midchart: "Same Town" found the top
Right graph: live media with public service fund-raising cards
# Be Socially Restonsible and Contribute to Public Welfare
:: Responsibilities for social well-being
With regard to disaster relief donations, in September 2022, the Beijing Bytes Foundation donated $5 million to earthquake-affected areas in the Kanding District of Sichuan Ganz to support emergency relief, post-disaster school rehabilitation and the marketing of agricultural produce.
# National Early Warning Information Dissemination Centre and Vibration Joint On-line Disaster Emergency Information Platform
In June 2022, the National Early Warning Information Dissemination Centre launched the Disaster Emergency Information Platform, which will operate automatically upon receipt of the Red Weather Disaster Early Warning Information and provide timely early warning information and response to users in affected areas. In addition, the Platform will provide access to a wide range of users and a donor platform for public interest institutions.
In June, following an earthquake in Sichuan Ya ' an, the platform sent over 70,000 early warning messages to collect 12.7 million good money for the affected areas. On 5 June, the Sichuan earthquake rapidly configured thematic pages to provide access to funds for real-time news and disaster relief projects, as well as the ability of users in the affected areas to report safely and record sites. As at 12 noon on 6 June, the platform was incorporated into more than 10,000 video videos related to the earthquake in Sichuan province, providing a basis for the development of the affected areas by the relevant authorities.
Figure: Disaster Emergency Information Platform
# Be Socially Restonsible and Contribute to Public Welfare
:: Responsibilities for social well-being
# To encourage the public interest of employees
In 2022, workers formed 42 public interest associations, participating in 1552 public interest events, with a total donation of over $4.24 million (of which over $2.12 million was donated by employees and over 2.1 million by companies), and more than 78,000 people participated in the public interest more than 115,000 hours.
The total amount of donations for public-interest activities and the length of time spent on public-interest activities
A-a-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b.
1552, 4.24 million yuan, 788 million dollars, 115,000 hours.
# Be Socially Restonsible and Contribute to Public Welfare
:: Responsibilities for social well-being
# Perfecting the system
In September of the same year, the shuddering group officially issued a voluntary service day for regular employees in mainland China for one day (8 hours) of each natural year to support their participation in the public good on the workday.
# Connecting public goods resources
A comprehensive upgrade of the Jump Sugar Partnership, in collaboration with a total of 123 public interest institutions across the country, will match employees with practical, effective and sustainable volunteer participation opportunities.
# A rich public good
In 2022, public interest investment in science and technology was made to the benefit of good and innovative technology, so that the design of digital technology and services could benefit a wider range of public goods. Since August 2022, the Joint Employees ' Public Interest Administration has set up the first day of the month as a public interest day to bring social needs into the workspace and provide easier opportunities for employees to participate in the public good.
# Development of the Blue Force (BLUE UP) App for the Marine Protection Organization
In 2022, a number of volunteer workers from product and research and development teams spontaneously formed a technical virtual group, using a large amount of spare time to develop a tool for the Marine Conservation Organization Billion Horn whale, App “BLUE UP” for coral protection positioning and labelling. Coral protection members can identify, understand the coral position that needs to be cleaned, and synchronize protection and share location points among their members. In addition, the App has introduced coral encyclopedia and tool presentations from professionals to support the expertise of conservation members, as well as to assist in coral conservation and optics.
# Left chart:
Angle Whale APP Page - Mark the Coral Contamination
# Right chart:
Angular whale APP page - Coral Encyclopedia
# Be Socially Restonsible and Contribute to Public Welfare assume responsibility for social well-being
Figure: Staff volunteers accompanying hearing-impaired children
Figure: Map of activities of the Village Partnership Plan
# Pursue Low-Carbon Development and Respond to Climate Change
# Low-carbon development to address climate change
Low-carbon development to address climate change
The Trench Group has been active in addressing climate change and in green business to minimize the environmental impact of green technological innovation; and in advocating green development, building on today ' s headlines, tremors, watermelon video, Cope green knowledge.
# Pursue Low-Carbon Development and Respond to Climate Change
# Green operations
In response to the call of the United Nations for “net zero emissions”, the Voice Group has pursued low-carbon operations and has continued to explore new possibilities for low-carbon emission reduction pathways in the industry through green data centres, green office promotion, etc.
# Green data centre
During the data centre site selection phase, the Group selects suppliers by looking at low-carbon energy conservation levels and local climatic conditions, encouraging suppliers to classify policies, promote green power transformation plans, and optimize energy efficiency in the data centre by fine-tuning the design and delivery of the full-scale process.
In 2022, the Trench Group focused on increasing the resource utilization of data centres, with large customized data centres PUE reaching 1.15, and multiple customized data centres parks being designated as “carbon-neutral data centre leaders.” At the same time, we gradually increased the green energy share of data centres through green power trading, green-licensing purchases, renewable energy sources and storage capacity building. During the year, the data centres used wind and solar power more than 100 million degrees, and supported airport partners in applying for a source-net charge project to effectively increase the green power ratio of data centres.
# Increased efficiency in the use of data centre resources through a combination of measures
In 2022, the shivering group proposed a number of innovative self-research techniques for the core objective of optimizing the cooling of heaters to address the problem of high-density data centres.
# Efficient liquid cold technology
The combination of cooling (indirectly cold) and leachate cold (directly cold) techniques has the advantage of significantly increasing evaporation efficiency and provides a source of heat for large-scale preheating recovery.
# High wind wall technology
The programme saves pumping power by increasing the temperature for liquids and the difference in rehydrated fluids, widens the length of natural cooling, and optimizes natural cooling time by using open point evaporation technologies on the side of the cooling source.
# Waterless cooling technology
Waterless natural cooling is achieved through pump-driven phase conversion techniques instead of indirect evaporation cooling technologies.
# Pursue Low-Carbon Development and Respond to Climate Change
# Low-carbon development to address climate change
Figure: Overlooking image of the Tremble Group data centre
Tremble - China Associated Green Big Data Industry Base has multiple environmental certifications
Didc TECH
That's what I'm talking about, dc tech.
{A4lbiz-ilevel4}
2022F9H58 2023494448
2022478298*7023+782880
SAICT #Bialr
93
93
# Pursue Low-Carbon Development and Respond to Climate Change
# Green office
The Vibration Group continues to optimize the digital management of park areas by improving building energy conservation initiatives and innovative design to create comfortable and easy green office space, while helping employees to strengthen their ecological conservation awareness and contribute to the sustainable development of the Group in the long term.
In terms of sector management, the Voice of Wirtschaftsprüfer Group has put forward a smart idea to manage and deploy information on personnel, equipment, energy consumption, etc. in the area through the Smart Park Energy Efficiency Management Platform. In this context, the Carbon Management Platform collects information and calculates reference ISO 14064 standards, is compatible with the Greenhouse Gas Accounting System (GHG Protocol) and allows for the fine-tuning of carbon emissions in the landscape of buildings. In 2022, we launched the Smart Park Energy Management Platform in the Dae-jong Temple Region, which provides strong support for the Group ' s low-carbon operations.
# Dae-jong Temple Smart Park Energy Efficiency Management Platform
The Wirtschaftsprüfer Science Park Energy Efficiency Management Platform is designed to achieve on-line system management of industrial energy consumption, people, space and security, so that carbon abatement pathways are targeted on the basis of data based on daily water use, electricity use, and carbon dioxide emissions from range 1 and 2. The Smart Park Energy Efficiency Management Platform is on-line to provide solutions for technology-enabling industrial area management and environmental data monitoring.
Kmar 1Xacl91690Saa10
A-a-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b.
45,300 3,100 21,300 6,2675,3564,356267
It's 4000. It's 4000. It's 4000.
Figure: Energy efficiency management platform for the wisdom park of the Dae-jong Temple industrial district
# Poursue Low-Carbon Development and Respond to Climate Change to address climate change
In terms of building energy efficiency, for self-built buildings, the Tremble Group participates in building design with environmental requirements higher than national standards, seeking to increase green building certification coverage for its own buildings. The Beijing office area has been restructured to build roof gardens with residual heat recovery devices or systems, using water-efficient sanitation devices, increasing water efficiency and obtaining green two-star certification. For leasing buildings, we have added energy metering systems to the Group ' s energy efficiency management platform. The Tremble Group has also actively introduced and promoted the use of assembly decorating techniques to enhance the carbon abatement capabilities and environmental benefits of buildings through the reuse of building materials.
# Building energy-efficient design
# Design of a double-story breathing curtain wall
A two-storey curtain wall is designed using a CFID simulation to optimize the interior structure of the curtain wall, balancing ventilation with energy-saving effects.
# The layout of the water-saving device
In order to meet the energy-saving requirements of large public buildings, the Consortium has fully installed the first-stage water-saving device, a container-free water supply device, in the construction area, to improve the overall water-saving effect of the construction area.
# Electrical and electrical innovation design
Maximum power savings are achieved through the use of smart lighting control systems, near-window light sensors, conference rooms and office areas, etc.
# Approximation
The replacement of traditional renovations with fittings in the E World Workspace is measured at 46.603 tCO2 for effective carbon reduction compared to the total reduction of traditional improvements throughout their life cycle.
To promote the environmental protection of employees: The shattering group wants to promote low-carbon environmental awareness by using small things that are common in their lives, such as electricity for water, transportation, equipment, etc. At the same time, the group combines the public interest of employees with environmental activities to promote a low-carbon life for employees.
# A low-carbon action by the Tremble Group
# Staff travel
Explore carbon abatement pathways for staff travel through the Carbon Emissions Tracking Tool for travel.
# Staff transportation
100% of company shuttles are new energy vehicles, with a total reduction of 195.82 tonnes of CO2 emissions throughout the year.
# Garbage sorting
The meaning and methods of synthesizing waste are distributed to staff, and staff volunteers are organized to promote the intellectualization of synthesizing waste and product upgrading.
# Promote degradable food boxes
Since 2019, tremors have introduced the use of a one-time degradable meal box, and a full transformation of the degradable meal box was largely achieved in early 2022.
# Pursue Low-Carbon Development and Respond to Climate Change
# Low-carbon development to address climate change
Low carbon is good. The river's vertical marathon is waiting for you to fight.
From October to November 2022, a “vertical marathon” was organized by the shivering group to advocate for the carbon abatement of employees by climbing buildings instead of using elevators.
According to statistics, over the course of almost a month of activity, 2,184 classmates climbed the building to a total of 62,340 floors, resulting in a total reduction of approximately 13.6 tons of carbon emissions.
@oziebib
# Poursue Low-Carbon Development and Respond to Climate Change to address climate change
# GreenCorp and Advocacy
In 2022, the number of “green” content on today's headlines, tremors, watermelons, related to environmental protection, natural ecology, species conservation, carbon neutrality, etc., reached over 3.9 billion.
# Carbon neutral and Cope's New Low Carbon World is online on a watermelon video
In February 2022, a video show, " A New Low Carbon World " , was launched in a watermelon video. It was co-sponsored by Watermelon videos, the Department of Earth Systems Science of the University of Qinghua, and the Asian Centre for the Countdown of Lancets, to present views on the health effects of climate change, carbon neutrality and the role of carbon in order to make the general public aware of the meaning of carbon neutrality.
Figure: Mid-Visual New Low-Carbon World
# Pursue Low-Carbon Development and Respond to Climate Change
# Low-carbon development to address climate change
# The President of the Red Garden and his zoo
Another identity of the Director of the Red Mountain Forest Zoo in Nanjing, Shen Chijun, is that of the cosmopolitan conservation creator.
In 2022, he and his team kept updating interesting little videos, such as "How does Cora weigh?" "The Tiger takes a few steps to eat meat" and "The Leopard has to look at it" . In the view of Shen Xin, the idea of animal protection and knowledge can be better disseminated through these interesting content. To date, @The Red Mountain Zoo in Nanking has harvested more than 900,000 fans.
"If more people love animals, more people love animals." The head of Shensan said.
Figure: Tigers of the Shen Chi Jun and the Red Mountain Forest Zoo
# Poursue Low-Carbon Development and Respond to Climate Change to address climate change
# Species identification and protection
Byte beats public goods and tremors together to launch a tremor natural project, where users can record animal and plant information around them and contribute to biodiversity conservation. In 2022, we continued to optimize the identification model and upgrade species identification capabilities. As of early March 2023, we supported the identification of 10,914 species of flora and fauna; users were involved in the species record 16,544 million times and effectively recorded 4.34 million species.
Left chart: species maps
Right graph: species science activity
Users can also access natural energy and participate in biodiversity conservation donation activities by watching and distributing species videos via twilight. As of December 2022, 25 million people were involved in the conservation of the twilight natural uplinks, the leopard reserves of the yellow mud river northeast tigers, and the mangrove reserves of the Bay of Shenzhen.
#2022 Douyin Group Corporation Social Protection Report
# 2022 Voice Group Corporate Social Responsibility Report
# Appendix
# Description of the report
The present report is the fifth annual corporate social responsibility report issued by `Corporate' `We', focusing on the main work and effectiveness of `Corpocratic' in 2022 in the economic, social and environmental fields.
# Principles of production
The report draws on the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) set by the United Nations, the Sustainable Development Reporting Standards (GRI Standard) issued by the Global Council for Sustainability Standards (GSSB) and the China Business Council Accountability Report (CASS-CSR 4.0) issued by the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences.
# Report access
If you need this report, please contact us via gongyi@bytedance.com.
# Time frame
The management methodology, practice cases and data presented in this report are in 2022 (1 January 2022 - 31 December 2022) and, in order to ensure the timeliness and continuity of reporting, some of the cases and data relate to previous years and 2023.
# Reader feedback
Thank you for reading this report. If you have any comments and suggestions, you can give us a clear message. We will continue to improve the CSR work on the basis of your feedback.
#2022 Douyin Group Corporation Social Protection Report
# 2022 Voice Group Corporate Social Responsibility Report
# GRI Standards Index of Indicators
Chapter Index  GRI Standard Disclosure Item SDGs
A-a-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b.
It's about us, GRI 2-1, GRI 2-2, GRI 2-6-001.
GRI 2 - 16, GRI 2 - 14, GRI 2 - 17, GRI 2 - 22, GRI 2 - 24, GRI 2 - 29, GRI 3 - 1, GRI 3 - 2, GRI 3 - 3 002
Corporate governance compliance management  GRI 205 - 2, GRI 205 - 3, GRI 206 - 1 006
Responsible procurement  GRI 414 - 1 010
GRI 416 - 1, GRI 416 - 2, GRI 417 - 1, GRI 417 - 2, GRI 418 - 1 013
Strengthening digital innovation /025
Focus on priority populations  GRI 203-1, GRI 203-2, GRI 413-1, GRI 413-2, GRI 416-1 027
It's all about sharing. It's about cultural life. It's about promoting knowledge for all.

Cultural heritage  GRI 203-1, GRI 203-2, GRI 413 - 1 053
GRI 203-1, GRI 203-2, GRI 413 - 1 057
#2022 Douyin Group Corporation Social Protection Report
:: Responsibilities and support for staff development
GRI 401 - 2, GRI 404 - 2, 061
Promoting social well-being
GRI 403 - 1, GRI 403 - 3, GRI 403 - 5, GRI 403 - 6, GRI 404 - 2
# Assisting rural development
GRI 203 - 1, GRI 203 - 2, 065
GRI 413 - 1, GRI 413 - 2
# Promoting small and medium-sized enterprise development
GRI 203 - 1, GRI 203 - 2, 077
GRI 413 - 1, GRI 413 - 2
# Putting the public good on the ground
GRI 203 - 1, GRI 203 - 2, 080
GRI 413 - 1, GRI 413 - 2
# Low-carbon development, green operations
GRI 301 - 3, GRI 302 - 4, 092
Addressing climate change
GRI 302-5
# GreenCorp and Advocacy
GRI 304 - 1, GRI 304 - 2, 097
# Species identification and protection
GRI 304-1, GRI 304 - 2 099
#Dooyin Group